The guy was very nice, but she kinda used to dress like him.
Ross: Y'know what, I think we should give everybody a chance to fix this. I mean, everyone should be able to decide where they want to go…
The guy: I'm sorry, Phoebe, it's just my job.
Phoebe: Okay, then you call me.
Ross: No! No, not you! No, you call me! (He storms off.)
Monica: So what happens then?
Ross: Nothing. You just go upstairs to be prepared.
Phoebe: Okay, I'll be right there. (She goes upstairs.) 
Joey: (entering) Hey.
Phoebe: Hey.
Monica: Hey.
Joey: So uh, how did the audition go today?
Phoebe: It was okay. It was the best audition I ever had! I mean, they gave me a five-minute train ride home, and then they said I got the part.
Monica: Really?!
Joey: Yeah. I mean, it was a lot less exhausting than I thought. Y'know? I mean, it was a lot less glamorous.
Monica: What else?
Joey: Yeah, like uh, y'know that body check thing. Y'know what I mean, you go to that audition and you get all that stuff, but it's not glamorous. It's not glamorous. You go to that audition, you get all that stuff and then you go home and wait for your fortune.
Monica: (interrupting) Yeah.
Joey: So you went home to wait for my fortune?
Monica: Yeah, but you don't. You go home and you wait for your fortune.
Joey: What?! No! No, no-no-no-no-no-no-no!! You can't have it both ways!!
Monica: (laughing) I know.
Joey: And-and you go to that audition and you get all the stuff.
Monica: But it's not glamorous, it's not glamorous! I mean, it's not glamour. It's not glamorous. It's not glamorous. (Joey and Monica continue to laugh.)
Rachel: So. So what else happened?
Chandler: Well, I got an audition for a Broadway show.
Monica: You auditioned for a Broadway show?
Chandler: You have to be kidding, it's a big camp!
Monica: What?!
Chandler: I auditioned for a Broadway show. Emily is going to be her baby girl.
Monica: Joey, you never even talked to Emily. She just gave me her real name.
Chandler: Emily? Emily Mustached Jake?
Monica: Well, no, I just called her.
Chandler: Why?
Monica: Well, I wanted to tell you that, but you never even called.
Chandler: Oh, please, Emily's Ass is so gullible.
Monica: Listen, I kind of like you. (Ross looks at her with a bored look on his face.) But sometimes just plain lying doesn't make me feel all that good.
Ross: Hey, hey, if this is how you feel, don't worry about me, I'm still going to go out with Rachel.
Monica: Oh, good for you! But how about we talk about it later? (Chandler starts to leave)
Ross: What? (to Chandler) What about this time next year?
Chandler: That was a great camp! I can't believe it. Next year Rachel is going to be my baby girl.
Monica: Go on!
Chandler: You are so lucky you did!
Monica: Y'know what? I think I'm going to have Rachel next year. (She starts to leave)
Chandler: That would be so great, but I gotta tell ya, I had no idea what I was getting myself into.
Monica: Oh, well, it's not that bad. (She goes to hug him and his friends.)
Chandler: So, so, you guys, we're kinda wound up?
Monica: Yeah, I'm kinda blessed. (They kiss and hug again.)
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Don't worry, you guys, it won't be that big of a deal.
Rachel: Oh, I'm okay. I'm very okay.
Phoebe: You too!
Rachel: Okay, I'm really sorry that you guys had to go through all this, but it
