Joey: Hey, just me and you guys talk for a few minutes. (He grabs her breast and takes a swig of her drink.)
Chandler: Hey Joey, does anyone wanna go to dinner tonight?
Joey: Oh, yeah, I'll be right with you.
Chandler: Okay. (They go for the door.) (To Monica) Lucky bastard.
Joey: (To Monica) Oh, thank God you're here! You smell like vomit.
Monica: (To Chandler) Get outta here!
Chandler: Don't! Get outta here! (He does and they run out.)
Joey: What?!!
Monica: Well, we were probably up all night anyway, so why don't you just go and get some dinner with me?
Joey: What are you doing?! I thought tonight would be my night!
Monica: Oh, come on tonight! Why are you out here?!
Joey: Oh, it's not tonight. How bad you pierced my left breast!
Monica: I don't know! What are you gonna do tonight? You said you were gonna go home and go to work.
Chandler: So you pierced my left breast!
Monica: How?!!
Chandler: How?!!
Monica: How?!!
Chandler: How?!!
Monica: How?!!
Chandler: How?!!
Monica: How?!!
Chandler: How?!! (They hug and kiss.)
Monica: You pierced my left breast!
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Monica: I need a favor.
Phoebe: Oh, I don't know why I am rushing into a relationship right now. It is hard for me to be around someone who is going through a divorce. But I have great memories of Barry and Rachel.
Chandler: Well, honey, you know what you should do, you should get a better therapist.
Phoebe: (sighs) I know! Although, I really do want the therapist to be Rachel.
Monica: (looks around) I don't think I can do that!
Chandler: I don't think you can!
Joey: Hey, don't you think it would be okay with me?
Ross: Of course! It would be okay. I mean, he's gone. This is a terrible thing for me.
Rachel: (entering from her bedroom) Honey, you don't understand. This is crazy! I mean, this is crazy! It's easy for me to just go back to my old life of playing guitar, or watching movies, or drinking, or having regular sex, but this is a phase! I have to go back to what I have with Rachel.
Joey: You have no idea what this is going to like.
Rachel: (she thinks for a moment) Really?
Joey: It's so hard for me to return Rachel to her old life.
Rachel: (she thinks about it) Yeah, you know, I mean, all this time, you know, I miss you so much.
Joey: You miss me?
Rachel: Look, I'm so sorry that you had to go through this, okay? This is just what I wanted to do. I guess I should have told you that I was going to go back to my old life, y'know? But you just kept telling me that this is impossible, and that you love me so much, (she puts her arm around him) and it's gonna be this... (Rachel hugs him)
Ross: (To Joey) You know what, I'm gonna go pick up my camera. I just don't think you are the right person for this. (Joey gives him a look) I mean, you know, you're a very nice guy, and it's your birthday, and you're dating a very pretty woman, and you feel really bad for me, and I need you to be my friend, and I don't want you to leave me without my best friend, and I don't want you to leave this woman, (to Rachel) and you want me to be my... (Rachel gets very attached and shakes his hand)
Joey: (looks at her for a while) ...guy's night out.
Rachel: (shakes his hand) Alright.
Joey: (looks at her, flattered) I'm pretty.
Rachel: (his night out with her) Well, you do like her.
Joey: (to Ross, after a short pause) So, what do you think?
