All of the Paleontologists I have are from Cretan times. (She puts her hand on Ross' shoulder and his arm, which is slightly bigger) I do not know if that is right... Anyway... Anyway this was so exciting... I... this is so great. I feel like I've been living in my apartment for over 10 MONTHS!
Rachel: Oh honey, I know! Honey, all that time you spent with that girl just blew me away! You know, I mean, she is so...
Ross: (faking happiness) Really?
Rachel: Yeah, like most guys I've slept with, you know, she is very sweet and kind and you know what I mean?
Ross: (faking happiness) Yeah, because I know how to spice things up.
Monica: So you slept with her for like 10 MONTHS?
Rachel: No, she wasn't even there...
Ross: (excited) Ha! So this is pretty cool (he takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it)
Monica: Hey, we really haven't been able to get along, you know? She's a little bossy, and you know what I mean? (pause) So I'm just gonna blow past it... Well, then maybe you should just get over it!
Rachel: Or, maybe you can stay. I mean, it's really not like I'm going anywhere.
Ross: Why not?
Monica: Because you (points to Rachel who has turned very pale)...
Ross: (angrily) Can we stay here with you for a while?
Rachel: Sure... (starts to leave)
Ross: I don't want to... it would be like you...
Rachel: Or it wouldn't be like you...
Ross: You know... It's like it's... in my apartment!
Rachel: Wha... What'm you talking about? It's in my apartment!
Ross: Wha... what's with all the paleontologists I have ever!!
Phoebe: Then you have to stay with her!
Monica: (sarcastic) Oh, I know! Then you have to stay with her! 
Joey: (walks into a field) Hey guys! Who's looking for camels?
Chandler: (Rangers) Yeah, we're looking for camels!
Joey: CAA-AIRL-TIME!
Chandler: (goes towards him) Ow!
Joey: (walks towards Chandler) Ow!
Monica: (Throws down her drink) I'm so sorry. I'm just so exhausted!
Joey: (overhearing them) Hey guys, what's going on?
Chandler: (loudly) CAA-AIRL-TIME!
Joey: (stands up and those sunglasses he's been holding up with white tape are gone) What the hell are you doing?!
Chandler: I was just messing with you.
Joey: (stands up and those earrings that are black with tape on) What?
Chandler: Yeah, I left them at home and... (walks away again) I left tape at home.
Joey: (walks towards Chandler) I left them at home.
Chandler: I can't believe Chandler is still wearing them!
Joey: (to Monica, as she has put them on) They're on your head!
Monica: You left tape at home?
Joey: Yeah! It's just... I didn't think there would be any!
Chandler: Yeah, well... there seems to be some movement on your part.
Monica: Towards something... EMOTIONS!
Chandler: Y'know what I think they're gonna be?
Monica: They're gonna be... (stops and thinks) That's so sweet!
Chandler: (looks around, and holds up one of the earrings) It's been kinda... (stops and looks again at Monica's bracelet)...I just don't think there's anything left for me to do... (looks around and smiles)
Monica: (laughs) I know. I know... I mean, you know? You just HAVE to be on the look-out for it, OK?
Chandler: Yeah, I know.
Monica: (laughs harder) I mean, you just HAVE to be on the look-out for it, OK?
Chandler: Yeah, I know. I mean, you just HAVE to be on the look-out for it, alright?
Monica: You just HAVE to be
