Chandler: (To Monica) Oh! Jack, what’s going on? (He appears and he’s got a new pair of sunglasses.)
Chandler: Hello.
Rachel: Hi. Oh, I’m sorry to bother you, but Ross and I would like to see your current girlfriend again.
Monica: How come?
Rachel: We only found out about this party after we went to dinner.
Monica: Oh my God! You can’t marry her!
Rachel: Please, what about this party?
Monica: We would love to party with her but, we just don’t feel like it.
Rachel: Why don’t you come over tonight?
Monica: Oh, well if we get married, we party tonight.
Rachel: Oh, God.
Monica: And then Joey’s party.
Rachel: Oh, and by the way, look! I didn’t think you were going to be with her. 
Monica: (pause) No.
Rachel: Really?
Monica: Yeah! It’s just because I feel that way about you.
Rachel: Well, so I thought I would come with you…
Monica: (to Joey) We had plans.
Rachel: Oh yeah, that was great. I really like going out with someone, especially someone with Rachel’s taste.
Monica: Well, I’m just gonna have to be nicer to her.
Rachel: I know, but I-I just can’t have two guys who’re better together.
Monica: Oh my God! I can’t believe you didn’t tell her that!
Rachel: Well then, how come you didn’t tell her?
Monica: I mean obviously Ross doesn’t like me; but Phoebe likes me! Isn’t she wonderful?
Rachel: Well, I’ll tell her later.
Monica: Keep talking.
Rachel: (To Monica) So how comes she likes you?
Monica: Well I mean, it’s just...
Rachel: All right, fine. How come she likes you?
Monica: Because. You’re sweet, lady.
Rachel: And because I’m not sweet?
Monica: How can you say that?
Rachel: Because I don’t want to.
Monica: I do, sweetie.
Rachel: Eh. (To Monica) How come she likes you?
Monica: Because.
Rachel: I don’t want to know why.
Monica: Why not?
Rachel: Because I don’t know.
Monica: Honey, you’re a great person, but how can you not like me?
Rachel: Please.
Monica: Honey, you are a great person too. You aren’t afraid to be florist, you don’t need me to be florist either. You’re a good person.
Rachel: I’m just saying, because you had me she was florist before you.
Monica: I know. Honey, you were the florist!
Rachel: No, that’s not what I meant!
Monica: I meant to ask you to be my girlfriend, and you did it!
Rachel: Okay, I’m gonna get out of there.
Monica: (To Chandler) I just wanna know how you feel about Ross, and how you feel about Charlie, and how you feel about Joey, and how you feel about Ross and, and how you feel about Joey.
Rachel: (pause) Okay.
Chandler: Okay, how do you feel?
Ross: (entering) Hey.
Rachel: Hey. (Ross exits)
Chandler: Hey. (to Joey) So, how come you and Charlie ended up together?
Joey: She ended up having a baby.
Chandler: So, how did it go?
Joey: Oh, so happy. Yeah.
Ross: Y’know, I feel differently.
Joey: Well, it was good, y’know, I mean we had a baby together, we had a baby, you broke up, and it was nice. Yeah, I wish there were some way I could break it up with somebody else.
Chandler: I know, there are babies, you can understand that.
Joey: You can?
Chandler: There were two babies that night, and one of them ended up with Ross.

