Monica: Hey.
Chandler: Hey.
Monica: Okay. (She takes a huge amount of pills. It starts to rain.)
Chandler: I took like two spoonsfuls of the stuff on that couch, but it didn't.
Monica: (She takes them all and starts to pour them all down the stairs.) Oww!! Oww!! Oww!! (She stops and Joey starts to get up.) Oww!! Oww!! (She gets up and starts running again by the way.) Oww!!! (She tackles him and everyone retreats.) (To Joey) Come on man! Get down! (He does so.) Oww! Oww!! (She tackles him again and he runs over to where the others were going and falls back onto the couch where she continues.) Oww!! (She starts chasing him and he runs over again but is stopped by the spray-on tan on her head.) (To Rachel) What are you spray-on tan for?
Rachel: Ohh, I am pregnant.
Monica: It's raining.
Rachel: Why's that? (She takes off a ring and starts spraying her eyes.) Oww!! (She runs over to where she was standing.) Oww!! Oww!! (She runs back and gets stopped again but gets stopped again and drops the ring onto the floor.) Oww!! (She runs into the kitchen again and drops the spray-on tan on her right cheek.) Oww!! (She runs back to where Rachel was standing.) Oww!! Oww!! (She tries to run back to where Rachel was standing but she has trouble coming and she frantically tries to run back to the kitchen again but she has trouble coming and she spills the spray-on tan on herself.) Oww!! (She runs back to where Rachel was standing again and starts spraying herself time and time again) Oww!! (She starts running back and forth trying to stop the spraying but she has trouble coming and she spills the spray on herself again.) Rachel: (coming back) I just ran across the street and came back the other way! (She runs back to where Rachel was standing.) Rachel: (to the spray-on tan parlor) Can you give me one minute?
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Rachel: Hey!
Chandler: Okay, here's what we do, we come over here, we talk and stuff, and when the spraying begins we give you some money and you come with me.
Rachel: Oh good! Why don't you have dinner with me tonight?
Chandler: Thanks!
Rachel: Okay.
Chandler: Okay, let's see. (She gets up to leave and heads for her spray-on tan parlor.)
Rachel: (To Monica) So, we're both having dinner tonight and then I ran into Denis over there and asked if he wanted to come.
Monica: You can't! We're just gonna get him. Now, if you have any questions, I asked him and he didn't want any questions!
Rachel: Well, I'm sorry, so what did you say?
Monica: That she wouldn't come because of... Denis?
Rachel: No. But, you know, if we're gonna go out, he's got to have some questions.
Monica: What questions?
Rachel: I don't know any of them.
Monica: All right then, I'll ask him.
Rachel: Ok!
Monica: (in a strange heavy accent) Hello, neighbor's dog.
Rachel: (to Mon, who works for the same company) Hey! I can't believe you called!
Monica: I know, but you saw him! You had a conversation! You made him come over!
Rachel: What? (In a heavy accent) Yeah!
Monica: (high pitched) I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be heavy, I just... I just thought that... (high pitched) I'll just... make him like me.
Rachel: I know what you're thinking.
Monica: (yelling) Get out of the building! (to Rachel) Okay, shoot, I'm calling time, ok? I'm gonna get out of here! (Rachel runs out in a ball of flames)
Chandler: Hey! (sees Monica and Rachel outside)
Rachel: Hey!
Chandler: (sees Monica and Rachel inside)
Rachel: (to Monica) Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Rachel: (to Monica) Mon, listen, about you and Ross...
Monica: (yelling) They are chases!
Rachel: (gasps) You know, there is a
