Chandler: Well, it's a huge relief, actually. It means so much to me that you would treat me like a queen.
Ross: Oh, yeah! I wish I could do that.
Chandler: (in a manly tone) Ross, I think I'm gonna go across the hall and show you some of my bras. (Does so.)
Ross: (high pitched whine coming from the living room) WAIT! I'M OFFERING IT OUT!
Chandler: YOU'RE OFFERING IT OUT?!!!
Ross: Oh my God, Mon, come on! You know what? You're gonna make it really easy for me to quit?
Monica: What?
Ross: Just tell me where I can get it.
Chandler: I can't even do that! I'm hopeless! I'm desperate! I'm desperate! I'm desperate!!
Ross: All right, I'll go tell you where to find me a bra.
Chandler: But you could always go across the hall and tell me where I can get it.
Ross: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, I'm really desperate!
Monica: I'm not desperate! I'm desperate! I'm desperate!!
Ross: Ross!
Monica: All right, you're right. I'm going across the hall and I'm begging you!
Ross: Oh, I know. I know. (He kisses Monica, claps his hands, and walks out.)
Phoebe: (to Rachel) Oh, Rachel, can I talk to you for a sec?
Rachel: Yeah.
Phoebe: Well, you just seem to have narrowed it down.
Rachel: Oh, I know. But uh, Phoebe, I think it's safe to say that Joey is your best friend.
Phoebe: I know. And when I tell you that I love you, it makes me feel so warm inside. (Rachel nods)
Rachel: (In a sexy voice) Well, I guess you're wrong!
Phoebe: Okay, I guess we're done for today.
Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Oh, my lady, you're that close.
Rachel: You think we can get anything out of this?
Phoebe: Well, you didn't think so, but I think you're having a hard time letting go.
Rachel: Well, I guess we can get through this together.
Phoebe: Yeah, you're right, I'm gonna do it. (To Rachel) You're so sweet to have someone that you love so much.
Rachel: (In a sexy voice) I know that.
Phoebe: (In a sexy voice) I know that. (To Rachel) Don't worry, we're gonna get through this together. (Rachel squeals in pain.)
Joey: (mimicking her) Get over it, Joe! (He mimics her and goes over and kisses her passionately.)
Rachel: Joey, how you doing?
Joey: Actually, I'm not very good at it.
Rachel: What?
Joey: Look, y'know what? Maybe you can come on down. (He stretches his neck and imitates Rachel's contraction with his finger.) I bet you'll feel like your roof's over you.
Rachel: (insha) Oh, I know that's not gonna work.
Joey: Come on, Rachel! It's not over!
Rachel: Well, you're gonna feel like your roof's over you. You can't not only feel the length but also know exactly when it's about to start.
Joey: (in a sexy voice) I can't believe you tried!
Rachel: Well, I tried!
Joey: Yeah, but it's getting better, okay? You just keep trying.
Rachel: I'm telling you, you're not gonna get through this with just one try. (She starts to massage him on the couch.)
Joey: Okay, I'll go.
Phoebe: (in an affected tone) Okay, I'll be right there. (Follows her out.)
Joey: (in a sexy tone) Well, I guess you're finally past the awkward phase. (Phoebe goes to the bedroom.)
Rachel: (In an affected tone) Congratulations. 
Joey: (in a sexy tone) Oh, I can't believe you did that!
Phoebe: (In a sexy tone) What? (In a sexy tone) You-you never did that.
Joey: Well, I did breathe a sigh of relief when we got back, y'know? But I
