Judge: Mr. Bing? Are you sure you're not just crazy, you're crazy also crazy crazy crazy?
Phoebe: Oh yeah. I’m sorry, I mean as crazy as everyone else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as everybody else, I mean as crazy as (sees Ross and Phoebe) guys
Phoebe: Oh, I think he’s here. (to Rachel) I think he’s here. (Ross exits, but Phoebe still runs to the door and into the hall forcing her inside)
Ross: Hey!
Rachel: Hi! (she meets Phoebe’s eyes in the hall and sees them) Oh, what are you doing here?
Ross: I was just checking if it was safe to be an aunt.
Rachel: Wow! So this is the hall turned into this big club and Ross are cuffed behind my back!
Ross: What? No! I’m not doing anything stupid! Just like umm, when I gave you the list I was like uh, this is the list you’ve got to pass at the gym.
Rachel: Oh my God! I’m sorry! I’m sorry!
Ross: Uh, oh that’s it. I meant nephew’s list.
Rachel: Oh uh oh, okay. (Ross sits down) Here. (he stuffs the list into the dryer and they all look at each other)
Ross: So uh, this is what I’m looking for this week?
Rachel: Oh I know, but I keep seeing stuff like this. (she sees a new list for rent)
Ross: Oh my God!
Rachel: Ross, look! Look! I-I have this list for Rachel! (she puts it in the dryer and they all look at it)
Ross: Oh my God!
Rachel: Look! How-how-how do you know if you are being watched by the Fonz and the Wannabe Capitalist?
Ross: I know, but I’m not the one who needs this information.
Rachel: Oh my God! {I hate these Capitalists!!! So much for the First Black President!} Oh, but Ross, you have to get the Wannabe Capitalist and the Wannabe Guy!
Ross: Okay, but I’m not doing this for these Capital People. I’m doing this for Rachel!
Rachel: Oh, come on! This list is not going to her! I’m doing this for her!
Ross: Okay, look! I’m doing this for Rachel! (they all look at him strangely)
Rachel: Wow! I don’t know why I keep doing this. Y’know I like to get things done, you know? But Rachel, I’m with you. (to Ross) And she’s with you.
Ross: Oh, and Ross, he doesn’t like to get caught up in the same moment too much.
Rachel: Oh, I think I’m gonna go first.
Ross: Yeah, you see, I’m with you.
Rachel: Yeah, I think I am.
Rachel: Uh-huh! (Ross grabs her and starts to kiss her passionately)
Ross: Okay, you are gonna kiss me.
Rachel: Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Okay, (waving) I’m with Rachel! Okay, then you are gonna kiss me.
Ross: Okay, it’s not working!
Rachel: Okay, it’s not going anywhere.
Ross: You don’t even know it!
Rachel: You know it?!
Ross: Yeah, I know.
Rachel: Oh, me too!
Ross: All right, there is no way you will ever do this! This will never happen! This is gonna be like the ultimate slapstick game, okay? Y’know how it is, you’re the luckiest guy, lucky guy, and you’re the luckiest guy at the end! And guess what? I am lucky!
Rachel: (thinks) I guess.
Ross: Aww, and I am not.
Rachel: That
