Chandler: What about Ross and Rachel?
Chandler: Well, I think it's safe to say that Rachel is the queen of the world.
Rachel: Ah, so that's why she left?
Chandler: Well... you know, you were the princess and I am the queen.
Rachel: (thinks) Which is why you must be thinking...
Chandler: What?
Rachel: I mean, you're thinking...
Chandler: That... that I can't go out anymore.
Rachel: Rach, you have decided to have a baby.
Chandler: And you have decided to have a baby?
Rachel: I have to tell you that I'm still your friend.
Chandler: So you're gonna keep calling me?
Rachel: (sighs) Yeah, you know... you're always gonna call me. I guess I should get over you.
Chandler: What?
Rachel: You know... I mean, I mean, you know... I mean, I mean, I'm you know... I mean, I know that I should be more like you.
Chandler: You know, you guys have been like...
Ross: (leaves) 
Chandler: (to Ross) You know, you should stop being so needy.
Ross: (following him) You know, you guys should stop being so needy.
Chandler: You know, we have to stop becoming needy first!
Ross: So you think you can't be needy?
Chandler: I think I can't be needy.
Ross: You know, you're right, we have to start loving each other a little more.
Chandler: I know. (They hug)
Rachel: So, I guess you're ready to take your talents to a new area?
Ross: Absolutely. What could be more exciting than a woman proposing to me on a plane?
Rachel: (doesn't believe it) Ok, I guess. I guess you're ready to take your talents to a new area.
Ross: Yeah, I gotta say, I'm pretty good at that. I mean, I've already proposed twice.
Rachel: (excited) You're proposing?
Ross: (to Rachel) You're proposing?
Rachel: (excited) You're proposing? (to Ross) You're proposing?
Ross: You know, I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize.
Rachel: (excited) You're proposing?
Ross: (laughs) No, I mean, I mean, you know, you could still be talking about this in your final exam, why not?
Rachel: (hesitant) I mean, you could still say, "God, I can't do this!"
Ross: (laughs) I mean, I mean, I could still say (to Rachel) "You suck" and "You suck" and "I suck"
Rachel: (laughs) You know, maybe you could propose me!
Ross: Hmm, I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize.
Rachel: (excited) You're proposing?
Ross: (laughs) I mean, I mean, you could still be talking about this in your final exam, why not?
Rachel: (raises her hand) Let's see!
Monica: (to Chandler) Oh my God, oh my God, that was amazing! That was... that was so..
Chandler: (looks at her) Oh my God, oh my God!
Joey: (entering) Hey, guys!
Chandler: Hey, guys!
Joey: Yeah, you heard? I'm gonna propose. 
Phoebe: (to Monica) Hey, Pheebs!
Monica: How did the audition go?
Joey: Well, it was amazing! I mean, I played one of the main characters on such a big-name play! I did not get to do the voice of Dr. Drake Remoray.
Phoebe: (looks at Ross and then at Chandler) You were... you were so good!
Ross: (slowly) Yeah.
Rachel: You know what, guys? I'm gonna propose. I mean, what if Drake gets shot? What if Rachel gets pregnant? What if Drake gets mugged?
Chandler: What?
Rachel: What?
Ross: What?
Phoebe: What?
Rachel: What?
Ross: What?
Phoebe: What?
Rachel: What?
Ross: What
