Joey: It’s the worst nap I’ve ever had. (Chandler hits him on the butt.)
Rachel: Oh, man! I’m sorry I said… (Chandler starts to sit down and painful drum sounds start to play.)
Chandler: (walking around with a bag of Twister in his hand) I’m not Twister! I’m not Twister! I’m not Twister! I’m Not…
Joey: (interrupting) I’m not…
Chandler: I’m Not Not…!
Joey: (interrupting) I’m Not…!
Rachel: Oh God, this is so intense. You could just as easily be one of those guys who goes to the gym all the time and eats Twister, but just doesn’t get out of it.
Chandler: Yeah, that’s the same thing I was talking about. (Motions to his phone.)
Phoebe: Hey Rachel. Happy Halloween.
Rachel: Oh, I’m so glad you’re here. (Goes to take off her costume and tries on costumes.)
Chandler: Are you kidding? I made five bucks!
Monica: All right. Happy Halloween.
Phoebe: Okay.
Rachel: Oh, I’m so glad you’re here. (Goes to take off her costume and tries on costumes.)
Phoebe: Okay.
Rachel: Oh, I’m so glad you’re here. (Goes to take off her costume and tries on costumes.)
Chandler: Okay, do you have any extra money?
Phoebe: No, I have a friend who has $500.
Rachel: Who?
Phoebe: Well this one is for you.
Rachel: Oh, got it. (To Phoebe) But I’m not gonna spend any more money than you gave me.
Chandler: Well you didn’t have to spend any extra money at all.
Phoebe: All right, I’ll be back with Rachel with the rest of my money.
Rachel: Oh, I thought you were gonna be okay with that.
Chandler: What I meant to say was ‘Well, anyway.’
Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! (Someone gets in the door.)
Rachel: Hey!
Joey: Honey, that’s the creepy guy! (He opens the door to reveal that there’s noose around his neck.)
Rachel: Oh my God, it’s me. (She runs back in.) Oh! It’s Ross.
Joey: Hey Ross, I think I need to talk to you about something.
Ross: No! No! I mean I kinda need to talk to you okay? I don’t know how I feel about you two.
Joey: What do you mean?
Ross: Well, I mean—Wait a minute before you start to make out, okay? I know that you two love each other and that I… (He starts to kiss Rachel.)
Joey: Maybe that’s why I didn’t tell you.
Ross: Yeah, okay, I guess I should have told you.
Joey: I know. I know.
Rachel: Okay. (She goes over and kisses him.)
Joey: Yeah.
Chandler: So, uh, what do you say we go out and have fun together?
Joey: Oh, okay, I might do that.
Chandler: Well, I’m gonna play the rest of you guys.
Joey: Yeah, right.
Chandler: So uh, I figured maybe we’re just gonna hang out on the couch and pretend that we did not happen to walk into each other before the fight.
Joey: Good idea.
Ross: Yeah, that worked out great.
Joey: Oh, great.
Chandler: Yeah, it’s a good thing you two know each other.
Joey: Yeah-yeah-yeah.
Joey: And I don’t know if I’m ever gonna get a girlfriend, but I do know that you two are gonna make a great couple.
Chandler: Wow. Could be better.
Joey: Well, I’m gonna go get my hair cut, and my new hair (Shows Rachel with his new haircut.)
Rachel: What?
