Rachel: Hey guys!
Chandler and Joey: Hey!
Rachel: Joey said he had a great time with you all.
Chandler: He’s playing crummy crummy.
Joey: Ohh, I thought that was so you. (In a sexy voice) You like that?
Rachel: (laughs) I like that.
Chandler: I like that.
Monica: Oh my God, I almost lost my sister.
Chandler: So she lost her virginity and stuff.
Monica: Well, Phoebe’s kinda shakin’ us out of that.
Chandler: Yeah.
Monica: I mean, we’re gonna have fun. Come on, y’know play with me. (They kiss and after a while they stop.)
Chandler: Ohhh!
Monica: No you don’t! You don’t want to have sex with me!
Chandler: Monica! No! (They kiss again.)
Ross: Hey guys!
Rachel: Hey!
Ross: Hey! (In a sexy voice) You like that?
Rachel: (laughs) I like that.
Ross: Ohh, I didn’t know you were here.
Rachel: Oh, it’s OK! I mean sometimes you guys flirt, and other times you guys don’t.
Ross: Well, I didn’t know you guys were here.
Rachel: Ohh. (Pause, then she turns around and gets a look at Ross.) What’s wrong with that?
Ross: I don’t know.
Rachel: Well, it’s okay, I mean it’s, it’s not like she’s some creepy virgin who only dates guys. I mean, she just happens to be very popular.
Ross: I know.
Rachel: What?
Ross: Oh my God, I don’t know who this is even going for.
Monica: You picked the guy!
Ross: Oh, I know, I know who you are right?
Monica: I am so lucky.
Ross: Oh, you are so lucky.
Monica: So, so who’s going for you?
Ross: (pause) Monica.
Monica: Oh, you are the great girl!
Ross: (To Chandler) Remember that lunch.
Chandler: (To Monica) You ate all the vegetables?
Chandler: No, I just knew the man I wanted.
Monica: What’s wrong with that lunch?
Chandler: I thought I ate everything.
Monica: Oh, I ate the whole bunch!
Chandler: That’s not too shabby!
Monica: Okay, I think I asked myself, how do I know who this guy is?
Chandler: I don’t know! I don’t even know who he is! I don’t know who the guy is!
Monica: Oh, I know who the guy is! I mean, this guy is great! I love him so much!
Chandler: What?
Monica: He’s the guy I told you about, I don’t know if I want him to go out with me anymore.
Chandler: I think he is just lonely.
Monica: Ehh.
Chandler: I think he is very happy and I want him to have sex with me.
Monica: Okay, I think that’s it. I think that’s it. I don’t want him to go out with me anymore.
Chandler: Y’know what the guy is doing?
Monica: Yeah! He’s cooking dinner for me, he wants me to eat all his chicken.
Chandler: So, you like that guy’s chicken?
Monica: Well, y’know, I’m not the kind of guy who eats dinner from a fire.
Chandler: Well, I will take it if you want, but I have no way of knowing who this guy is or what he’s cooking.
Monica: Oh, I don’t think he’s cooked anything that I eat.
Chandler: Oh, I think so too. I mean, how many times have I had to ask myself, "Am I eating chicken right now?"
Monica: I don’t know Ross! Y’know why would you do that?
Chandler: Because
