Chandler: Oh, I was just in the other room, so when the phone rings, you just try to hold it. (He tries to go to the door, but the tape is hanging from the side of the doorframe.) Oh, it's him! It's Chandler! (He tries to open the door again, but is stopped by the tape.) Chandler Bing!
Chandler: Why are you here?
Chandler: (stopping him)The tape is hanging from the side of the door. (To Monica) And you are here?!
Monica: Oh my god!
Chandler: There is so much tape! (To Monica) Hang on, you did it!
Monica: Hang on, you did it!
Chandler: I wanted to say this but I can't, so I just hang on!
Monica: This is so silly. Man, you have never let me hang on to this tape before!
Chandler: What?!
Monica: I knew it!
Chandler: I know what it is! I knew it!
Monica: Did you just say it?
Chandler: Why would you do that?!
Monica: I don't know! I don't know! I'm telling you!
Chandler: (stopping him)Now, I wanted to say it, but I can't! I'm just trying to stop this! I really, really want you to be here!
Monica: I know I'm telling you to be here! (She grabs the tape and sits on the bed.)
Chandler: It's not in here!
Monica: Let's not ruin this day! Let's just get it out of here before it rots!
Chandler: Not here!
Monica: (entering) Chandler, listen. You don't have to do this every day. This is just yours.
Chandler: I know, but I really, really want you to feel some of this time.
Monica: (while walking away from him) All right! (Follows her) Here it is!
Chandler: (grabbing the tape and walking towards the bedroom) Here it is!
Monica: (not wanting to see what he just did) Oh my god! What did you do?
Chandler: I, I escaped death!
Monica: What?!
Chandler: I escaped death!
Monica: What?!
Chandler: I escaped death!
Monica: What?! (They both groan and walk towards the door.)
Rachel: (entering from her room) Oh my god!
Chandler: What?!
Rachel: Oh god, I'm sorry I...
Chandler: You... (realizes for a few moments) I... I was in that car with that girl that you were in.
Monica: You were in a car with that girl?
Rachel: Yeah.
Phoebe: Ok, how long have we been apart?
Monica: Over seven... (she makes a sound that is identical to that of the moment, except that it took Rachel just a couple of moments to realize it was Monica.)
Rachel: And that's it! I'm done with this! I can't feel my legs!
Monica: What is the matter with you?
Rachel: Well, it's like... You're not supposed to have sex with me!
Phoebe: What the hell are you doing?
Rachel: Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. So, what's going on?
Phoebe: Well, okay, we had a big party and then it was just about Mike and I getting together.
Rachel: You knew it!
Phoebe: Well, it was a big surprise!
Rachel: Me neither!
Phoebe: But, it was just so...
Rachel: Sooo much for the "big surprise"!
Phoebe: Yeah, well, sooo much more! 
Rachel: Yeah, well, what do you think this party is gonna be?
Phoebe: Well, I think it's gonna be... Well, Phoebe?
Rachel: Yeah!
Phoebe: Yeah, I've always thought of the party being like a big celebration, but it obviously has been a little rough on you.
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: I think it's been a little... rough on you.
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: I think it's been very nice and (whispers) very... kind...
Rachel: (quietly) You know I... (grabs a pen from her pocket
