Monica: Whoa! What a beautiful woman! What are you doing?!
(Phoebe comes in)Phoebe: Hey!
Monica: Where's Monica?
Phoebe: Oh, she was working late and calling to say her friend left a note on her coffee table.
Monica: Oh, she's home? I thought she was going to send me one, but I didn't know where to find it.
Phoebe: Oh, I know where the note was!
Monica: Well, I wonder why the coffee table maker is so expensive.
Phoebe: Ooh! How about 50 dollars?
Monica: Or 4.85...
Phoebe: 6.85? It would take me four hours to find an 8.25"!
(Woman next to Monica approaches Monica)Woman No.2: Hi!
Monica: Hey!
Woman No.2: Hey, what's going on?
Monica: Oh, I just sold a hundred copies of the book.
Ross: Six hundred dollars? Wow, that's a lot of books.
Woman No.2: Well, we talked about that, but it's only available through my office.
Ross: Yeah, I read the review and I'm really impressed by you guys.
(Ross takes the money and leaves.)
Woman No.2: Well, I guess I can borrow it for emergencies.
Ross: Oh, I'm sorry. Thanks. (to Ross) Did you find anything funny about Emma writing in?
(they look around and no longer any one comes to Monica and Chandler's table)
Chandler: So, how much did she cost?
Guy #1: That's great!
Guy #2: She's got a hundred bucks on her head.
Chandler: I can't believe this. And I kept trying to get her to marry me, but she wouldn't let me give in.
Guy #1: She doesn't have to give in!
Chandler: If it means saving face, I'm gonna go steal her stuff.
Guy #1: Yeah, it does.
(they leave the room and both are shaking their heads nervously. Chandler notices a note on the counter, Chandler takes it and reads it.)
Chandler: (reading the note) I'm going to be dating Emma.
Guy #2: Oh my God, what a great marriage!
Chandler: Oh, you're such a great guy.
Guy #1: Hey, you know what else I could use?
Chandler: Emma won't let me talk to her for an hour.
Guy #2: Why not?
Chandler: Because of her book.
Guy #1: I'm so jealous of all the attention you've gotten. I don't wanna leave you little vase. (pause) I'll take care of this on my own!
Chandler: Well, so you'll get what you want. Thanks. (he leaves the room and starts to leave again)
Guy #1: Hey, you know what, if we win, you guys will all take advantage of each other. And then whoever comes in last, gets to ride their horse!
Chandler: That's nice but we really want this to work out. 
Guy #1: Hiiiii, okay.
Chandler: I know. (They all look at each other in the mirror)
Joey: (stopping at Chandler entering) Hey Chandler, how's the bird?
Chandler: (shocked) It's not... It's not... It's not... It's not... It's not...
Joey: All right, who should be on the phone with the bird?
Chandler: It's not the bird, it's this... (panicking) bird! Bird! Bird!
Monica: Hey, hey! Did you hear what I said?
Chandler: No, I didn't. I heard what you said. You don't listen to me!
Monica: Why? What's wrong with you?
Chandler: Nothing! It's my fault. I just, I listen to you and I try to forget that I'm listening to you and that you listen to me.
Monica: You listen too me?
Chandler: Yes... Look, Monica, listen to me. You have been following my sister and her friends, they don't follow me, they're scared, and they don't like me. They say they'll never go out with you, but I've been following them and they like me and I trust them.
Monica: You don't trust them?
Chand
