Monica: (shocked) You put stuff in here!
Chandler: Well, I put some food in here! (Jokingly) I guess you’d say!
Monica: Just a little bit more, please?
Chandler: Okay, I’ll take care of it. (He grabs some dry ice from the counter.)
Monica: You’re taking care of it, huh?
Chandler: Well, I’m taking care of it. (He takes the dry ice and puts it under Monica’s.)
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Hey. What-what’s going on?
Joey: Ohh, I did not tell her and she just thinks I’m stealing their thunder!
Chandler: Oh you’re right, she thinks, I did, she just…did not like it when I told her!
Joey: Anyway, it’s great news, I guess, because I’m not going to be embarrassed telling her this man gave me a watch and I didn’t tell people. Y’know? It’s just, I don’t know if I’m going to be the guy who gets mugged on the subway or…(He stops speaking and Chandler realizes what he was saying.)
Chandler: (interrupting him) All right! All right! All right! All right! (He goes over to where Joey is taking off his coat.) So, now-now that you’re having sex with my cat, I think it’s safe to say that you have a very hot cat! Now you’re not going to believe this.
Joey: But-but I do!
Chandler: (grabbing the coat) Now I hate it!
Monica: No, but I do! (Points at Chandler.)
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Okay, y’know why don’t you go and change?
Rachel: No! I don’t want that! It’s dirty! (Phoebe turns and runs out in horror.)
Monica: (After Phoebe has left) Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! Who’s your cat? (She notices that Phoebe is not in the building)
Monica: Oh, I like cats.
Phoebe: Yeah, well, I think you should give one of them a try.
Rachel: (To Phoebe) Okay, see? You go into the bathroom and I’ll have you dressed as the Doctor Who character from the Christmas Story from the TV movie.
Phoebe: No, I didn’t have the Christmas Story! (She goes into the bathroom and Phoebe is shocked to find herself in a rather embarrassing position.)
Rachel: Okay. (Goes into the bathroom.)
Phoebe: Hey, how you doin’?
Rachel: So… So, do you want to do a cat play?
Phoebe: Yeah! See, I’m really into this play.
Rachel: Seriously?
Phoebe: Yeah! Yeah! And uh… Okay, so, did you guys think about what you’re getting into?
Rachel: It was a play about friendship.
Phoebe: Okay, so do you think there could be any type of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of ‘cause I’m the guy who gets together, I’m the guy who gets together, and I’m the guy that gets together.
Rachel: Okay! (Joey and Chandler both run over and sit down on the couch. Monica is coming over.)
Monica: So, uh, so, is Monica here?
Rachel: No, she’s out shopping.
Monica: You don’t think so?
Rachel: Well, maybe she does when she comes back over. I’m just… I’m so…
Monica: No you’re not.
Rachel: No I’m not you doody.
Monica: Sorry.
Ross: (To the woman) This is Dr. Drake Remoray. She’s here from the maternity unit.
The Waiter: Hi.
Dr. Drake Remoray: It’s Dr. Ross Geller, she was looking for you.
The Waiter: I’m a…
Dr. Ross: I’m sorry
