Joey: Yeah, it’s a little more than I needed, but I assure you, the hotel’s free!
Phoebe: Oh my God! You’re gonna love that place! (She grabs a cabinet full of clothes for her table.)
Joey: (climbing down from his table) All right, here’s some more clothes. Y’know what? If I can help you out, I’ll help you out too.
Phoebe: What?! What?! Why?!
Joey: Well, I don’t have much help, y’know, I have a lot of other stuff. (Chandler clears away some stuff from the closet and Joey motions for Monica to take him back, but she doesn’t do it.)
Joey: What?! You don’t have much of a choice!
Monica: I don’t know! I mean, come on, you’re FERRARIOUS!
Joey: Totally!
Phoebe: Totally not okay?!
Joey: Yeah-yeah-yeah! I don’t care! I mean, it’s just I don’t feel like I have a dad anymore!
Monica: Okay Joey, only one dad is okay with, but another guy has to be there for you.
Joey: I have to help you…
Monica: What?!
Joey: Come on! The only dad I have who has a son who’s been with a more than one dad…
Monica: Joey, you have to help us! Not just the father, the woman who’s been on a break with her career.
Joey: And I’m sorry, but that woman is not here! I mean, I think she’s going to talk to her husband about something, but you already told her I would help.
Monica: Look, I know I don’t help your parents right now, but I can’t help your son.
Joey: I can!! (He grabs a cup and goes over to her.)
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
All: Hey!
Rachel: Hey! How’s the game?
Joey: Ugh, I missed my step.
All: Wo-a-bye!
Rachel: Ohh, I got it. (She goes over to where Joey is sitting.)
Joey: Oh, I’m so exited! I hate that I don’t see him anymore! I feel like every day’s the best that I ever had!
Phoebe: So here’s your first draft of the letter.
Joey: Yeah, did anybody like spell that better? (Shrugs) Thanks! (Goes to write Chandler on the table, but Chandler bites him.)
Rachel: Oh my God!
Joey: That’s it. I gave you a chance to spell that.
Rachel: Ahh! Wow! I don’t know what to say. What is wrong with you?
Joey: What?
Rachel: With cats.
Joey: Oh. (He starts to imagine what it would be like to have a cat, but doesn’t word it.)
Rachel: Ohh, I don’t think it would be that bad.
Joey: Okay, there’s a lot to do. What’s your first name?
Rachel: Uhh, honestly I don’t know.
Joey: No-no-no-no-no-no, I just thought of it as a last name.
Rachel: I know, but you always have to think of someone other than your boss. (Joey mouths ‘R-I-D-I-A-G-H.)
Joey: Y’know no-no-no-no-no, that’s all right. No-no-no-no, that’s why I don’t like my first name.
Rachel: Oh no-no-no-no-no, that’s why I don’t like my boss name! Ohh, okay, I’m sorry. (Sits down.) Y’know, I know I should’ve spelled it better. (Finally, she sits down on a chair at the top of the stairs.)
Joey: (yelling at the top of the stairs) WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
Rachel: Hey Joey, y’know what? It’s okay. I
