Joey: Yeah, I'm still spooning.
 
[Scene: Monica's apartment]
Monica: All right, you do know what you want to do to me.
Phoebe: (entering) Hi!
Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Oh, you're back!
Monica: How was your night?
Phoebe: Fine, all right, I went for a walk and I was just moo-ing around, so...
Monica: What were you doing?
Phoebe: Well, I was umm, I was watching a movie, and when I came back, all I could smell was Kathy Ashford and the duck in bed with Joey.
Monica: What about that duck?
Phoebe: Well, I don't know if that's the duck you're talking about, but... Kathy went away for a couple of days, and I couldn't find her...
Monica: You went away for a couple of reasons?
Phoebe: Well, I don't know... I just thought it would be interesting. I mean, it's her first time, and it's like, "This is something I'm passionate about!"
Monica: You went away for a weird time.
Phoebe: Oh, you spent your break getting her, um, 
  then she came back as well. (Monica and Phoebe were at a stalemate, and they tried to drag her through the air in a ball by swinging their arms around in a strange "like-like" motion. When they finally got through, however, they were clearly exhausted and exhausted. 
  They were lying on the couch in pain.
Monica: Phoebe, please, you have to go now, you have so desperately 
  wanted her, you're...
Phoebe: You're not gonna go any further, ok? Than Island.
Monica: (embarrassed) Oh, you're not going to... (breathe some private jet-time into 
  your mobile, and while on the jetway, you remember... the wonderful thing happened 
  on the other jetway: You made your first bird's eye view...
(In a strange heavy accent, she says the following:) Oooh! Are we still on? (the lady around the jetway looks 
  fond of the bird's eye view camera)
THE END


Monica: (to the jetway people) Excuse us. (the lady covers her eyes) Hey there you are!

  Phoebe: Hey!

 Monica: Hi! Hey, how are you?

  Phoebe: Great, we're fine. Weh-huh!

 Monica: Oh, ok. So you know I always stick with the lady on the 
  long weekend, you know? But today... I felt something.

  I think I taboo. This morning I felt something else too.

  Phoebe: Ok, so this is weird. I was just about to take off, but my Aunt Sheryl was already 
  there.

 Monica: What?

 Phoebe: Sheryl, that's it. We're really heading into an anniversary, aren't we?

 Monica: (touched) Really. Ok. I think 
  it's the timing. I mean, I think we should get married. I mean, we have sooo much in common, 
  (crying). I wonder how Monica would react if one of us got married after 
  our  together!

 Phoebe: Actually, not after what we went through together. Monica, you know what, 
  we do things for each other. Monica, you know, Monica always puts 
  on a little "R" after the phrase "to 
  mean something." (yelling) Damnit! (she starts to leave). 
Phoebe: I think he means "To say that I don't mean... well..." 
  (Ross enters, and stops when he sees Phoebe and Monica in a hallway, surrounded by 
  by bouquets).
Ross: Hey guys!

  Rachel and Joey: Hi.

  Bail: In the low six hundred dollars.

  Ross: Yeah.

  [Scene: Central Perk. They are sitting on the couch, Joey 
  and Rachel are on the couch. Monica is sitting on the couch and Chandler is 
  sitting on the couch.] 

  [Scene: Central Perk. There is a shot across the hall, and onto the street, 
  where Emma is being bundled for surgery. Ross is on
