Rachel: What, could all these people come?
Joey: Yeah, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel, Jasmine, Chandler, Ross, and Monica...
Rachel: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I think you need to get a job.
Joey: Not unless I tell you I need a job.
Rachel: Really? Come on, you guys can go out to dinner together.
Joey: Okay.
Rachel: So, who should I say is my top question?
Joey: (shyly)Ooh, there's Chandler.
Rachel: Oh yeah, he's got your number.
Joey: Thanks Rach.
Rachel: Y'know what? It's not my number.
Joey: But you know, I-I really need a job.
Rachel: What, come on!
Ross: I don't, I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Rachel: I know what I'm gonna do.
Ross: What?
Rachel: I dunno, I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Ross: You don't know what you're gonna do?
Rachel: You don't know what you're gonna do?
Ross: No! I don't know what I'm gonna do!
Rachel: You know what? It's not your fault.
Ross: (pause) You know what? It's not my fault!
Rachel: (turns around and sees someone else staring at her with a quizzical look on their faces) You know what? I'm gonna go out on a date with you.
Ross: Oh my God! That's great! That's so great! It's gonna go somewhere! You know what I mean? Mine's, she's got the smoothest skin!
Rachel: (looks puzzled) Really?
Ross: Yeah!
Rachel: You know what I mean? Mine's, she's got...
Ross: (happily) Can you tell me where?
Rachel: (pause) I don't know.
Ross: (after a while) You know what I mean? Mine's... She's got the smoothest skin!
Rachel: (after a while) You know what? Mine's not so smooth! It's not even smooth... I mean it's...icky!
Ross: (happily) It's not even smooth at all!!
Rachel: (she looks around) What's the matter?
Ross: I'm sorry, Rachel, it's not about the smoothest skin. It's not even more... It's not even more... It's not even more...
Rachel: (Ross looks very moved) I'm sorry, I'm... (a little frightened)
Ross: (beaming) And it's not even more...
Rachel: (Ross is now very moved) Huh... (He looks at her again, very moved) What... (He suddenly becomes very sad, and very quickly goes into his own words. He starts to tears too, and we can hear him crying: all he needs is... (He takes her hand and he tears harder. When Rachel tries to get his attention, he has rushed her onto his shoulders and pushed her onto the couch. He had no trouble getting her onto the sofa, as he was afraid that she would start crying.   And he had no trouble getting her onto the lap of her pants.
Rachel: Did you find him around 5:30?
Ross: I found him around 5:40?
Rachel: (very moved) Yes, he was with me all the time!
Ross: Oh, I feel so alive,uggle me, and I'm... (He looks very emotional. After a while, he turns and hugs her. He hugs her again and pulls her into a hug.   We take both off, and while we tried to hold each other, Ross got close and passionately   kissed us again. We haven't kissed in like a...
Phoebe: (In a sexy voice) You can't get me, this woman! (We start kissing, and then as we start, we see a young   boy wearing a, white, biceps workout shirt walk up, wearing a blue, six pack, tux (he car is behind the girl and the two of us    continue to go by the same puddle.) 
boyfriend: Did you find him?
Phoebe: Why? What were you doing?
Boyfriend: Stopped by the dermatologist.
Phoebe: A good thing, because he found two very positive    breast cancer samples on his desk.
Boyfriend: And we're still going by the coupon place.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Oh, honey,
