Chandler: Look, if I can get a little more out of the cake, I like to make it a little more palatable.
Monica: Hey, you don't have to make love to Joey…
Joey: No! No-no! No-no-no! Don't-don't-don't-don't! I'm a grown-up and this is a part of me. See? I'm a grown-up and this is a part of my baby.
Chandler: Really?
Joey: Yeah.
Chandler: What?
Joey: I just threw away the shells.
Chandler: Good, because you didn't.
Joey: That's okay, we'll just put them in the tin.
Chandler: Okay. (He grabs a pair of scissors, he says to wait for Monica, Chandler and Joey to come up with something to cut the shells, but he fails to come up with anything.)
Phoebe: I'm sorry I had to spend the evening with that Gunther!
Emily: What's going on?
Phoebe: Oh, Phoebe and Emily just got back from a romantic night…
Monica: And a nice restraunt!
Rachel: Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho! I knew you said you liked me. I knew I could not have done anything to make you happy, but the fact that you did is beyond my control.
Emily: Oh…
Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, it's so hard to say 'no' to a boyfriend. How can I be happy when there's nothing more satisfying than sex?
Emily: Why can't I be happy?
Ross: I can't, he's already had the worst sex. Come on, pick one.
Emily: Oh, you think, I mean, who else would do it?
Ross: You, Ross, that's all I'm saying.
Emily: I can't, he's already had the worst sex. Come on. Pick the one that's least unhappy.
Ross: That's all I'm saying.
Emily: (checks Ross) He's not having sex with her.
Ross: (to Chandler) Oh, that's all I'm saying.
Chandler: You know, I may not be able to live this, I may not be able to go on dates with this guy, I may not even be able to go out with this chick…
Ross: What?
Chandler: Chick.
Ross: Chick! I thought, you were right, you're not happy! This guy is jealous, he's jealous of you! I mean, if I didn't date him, nothing would.
Emily: (entering) Hey!
Ross: Hey.
Emily: So, I just wanted to present you with a very special gift. (Hands it to Rachel, Ross shows her the card.)
Ross: No-no-no, no. It's a very, very, very special Ross.
All: Oh!
Rachel: Yes. It is a card.
Ross: Really? What is it?
Rachel: Well, it's a little like a mink ballerina card, except with a naked guy on the head.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Phoebe: Is Ross here?
Joey: No-no, he's looking at Emily.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, yeah she uh, went out with your brother last night. Can you blame her?
Joey: You don't think it's gonna happen this time? (To Rachel) And I know it's awkward for you, but I think it's the right thing to do.
Rachel: I'm sorry you had to 'discuss' this, Joey, but I thought we could all agree that this was a nice surprise.
Joey: Yeah, I was just thinking about this wasn't a good idea. (To Emily) And look, I have to tell you that I'm going out with a guy for the first time in months.
Rachel: Ok, ok, I think you should keep this.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) I love you!
Joey: (discarding all the remaining cards) I think you did the right thing.
Rachel: (betrayal) Well, I bet you were really hurt in bed.
Phoebe: (betrayal) I was in a coma!
Monica: (betrayal) Ross is not gonna bring his friend the dessert! And the guy in the red hat is having a party too!

