Rachel: I can’t believe this.
Joey: That girl was talking to you.
Rachel: (to Ross) So how’s the date with her?
Joey: I don’t know. Really I don’t. I went for it on ‘cause I thought that was the one guy that was going to be the girl that you flirted with in high school.
Ross: Wow, so you kinda flirt.
Joey: I flirt, but then I flirted with you.
Ross: You flirt, but then you flirted with me?
Joey: I flirt, but then I flirted with you.
Ross: Well, y’know what? Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad if-if we didn’t have to work things out. I mean, if we didn’t-we don’t have to work things out.
Joey: I don’t get it.
Ross: I can’t believe we have to work things out.
Joey: What do you mean we don’t?
Ross: Well of course we do, it’s just that y’know one of you guys is obsessed with me and my flirting—-and-and-and-and-and that’s just crazy! (They hug and he exits.)
Rachel: (to Joey) So you flirt, but then you flirted with me?
Joey: Oh yeah, that’s what I was trying to figure out for Christmas. I was uh trying to figure out what to make of that. Anyway it was really fun in there. I mean it was fun. I don’t know what I was thinking. Y’know?
Rachel: All right fine! Fine! You’re right! I’m not going to make fun of you just cause you flirt. That’s not gonna make me feel bad either.
Joey: Well y’know what? Maybe it didn’t work out, maybe it didn’t hurt.
Ross: Oh, a little more.
Joey: Yeah-yeah-yeah, but maybe-maybe it wasn’t the plan. Maybe it wasn’t because you didn’t flirt. Y’know? Maybe because you didn’t try to stop it. Y’know? Or maybe because you didn’t want to seem to be flirting-y. (Ross mouths ‘Come on! We’re flirting again!!’)
Rachel: You really think so?
Joey: Yeah!
Rachel: Man, I really think I am okay.
Joey: Listen Rach, if you’re okay with this, then y’know tell her not to flirt. Tell her not to talk all the time. (Starts to yell and causes some kind of injury in the process.) (in accross the hall) Oh my God! Oh my God! I just threw up!
Monica: Yeah, and, and it didn’t matter how nice you were, because what mattered was that you were okay with it.
Chandler: (entering, happily) Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: See? (He punches her in the crotch.)
Monica: (in pain) EHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! (She gets up and kicks Chandler in the butt.)
Chandler: Hey!
Monica: So, what’s new with you and Rachel?
Chandler: Well, I’m gonna see how they feel about us.
Monica: I-I-I don’t! (She kicks him in the butt.)
Chandler: So what?!
Monica: I don’t—no! I mean I-I-I like being kicked in the butt.
Chandler: Hey-hey-hey!
Monica: I’m kicking you right now! You’re the most lovable little person I’ve ever known. I mean I like being kicked in the butt.
Chandler: You’re the most lovable little person I’ve ever known.
Monica: I’m kicking you right now!
Phoebe: I’m gonna go get my hair dyed.
Phoebe: You wear a wig?
Phoebe: I don’t know! I don’t care. Okay, I get to see how they feel about us!
Monica: Phoebe, you’re the most lovable little
