Joey: Yeah, I got a little more than that.
Monica: How could you have slept with him before?!
Chandler: I don’t know. I have a friend who does it, and she went to sleep with him and she says she slept with Ben.
Joey: That’s enough Joe. You know, you can be fair.
Chandler: I know. I know. I just, I just think they need someone who has that maturity. I don’t think that I can do it with them.
Joey: So, I guess you can say it’s fate is kinda out there for you.
Monica: I guess this is the final straw for me. (She briefly looks around, and finds a ring in her purse) I mean, it’s been so long since I’ve had sex.
Chandler: Are you sure you didn’t hear the last part?
Joey: (looks at the ring) Oh my God! It’s in my purse!
Rachel: Okay, all right. Let me see. (Hands him the ring.)
Joey: ooohh-hey-hey-hey! I thought you guys did!
Chandler: What?!
Rachel: What happened?!!!
Chandler: Well, I’m sorry, I’m Monica and I’m married. I’m married to Chandler.
Ross: (entering) Hi!
Rachel: Hi.
Joey: Hey.
Rachel: Monica and Ben.
Ross: You guys seem to be having a great time together.
Joey: Yeah, so do I! I mean, Mon, she’s cool, and Chandler’s really, really funny, but y’know, she’s a little busy.
Ross: Yeah, I see why.
Chandler: Have you heard?
Joey: Oh my God, I just had so much fun with her. I mean, she’s so sweet, and kind, and funny, and wonderful, and I don’t know, I don’t know how I felt about Ross at first, but then Ross was the only one that I ever really liked.
Rachel: Well, y’know, maybe it’s because he didn’t make me a sex addict and he loves beautiful women.
Ross: You don’t think he likes you because of how much you reminded him of his best friend.
Rachel: Well, maybe you don’t.
Ross: Is there anything you’re going to do?
Joey: I don’t know! I mean, maybe I just wanna take some stupid shower, but I also wanna get some fresh air.
Monica: Oh my God! My God! This is the most beautiful apartment in the city!
Chandler: This is so much better than what I had at the other apartment block.
Ross: Yeah. Do you wanna go inside?
Rachel: Oh honey, I’m gonna be really cold!
Ross: Yeah, you’re right. I’m gonna do it.
Joey: Hey, Ross, listen. When I tell you that apartment thing, you’re gonna wanna think bigger than me.
Ross: That’s not gonna work! I mean, it just doesn’t add up!
Joey: I know! I know! From now on the only person who is gonna tell me what to do is if I tell them it’s one of my friends!
Rachel: Well, I wouldn’t tell you that!
Ross: That’s because I already know who I'm gonna ask for my money from! (Pause and he walks off.)
Joey: Hey, it’s your money!
Chandler: Hey! Hey! I got a laundry service that you’re gonna love!
Monica: You got a closet full of women’s names in one place?
Chandler: Oh yeah! Do you want to go in there?
Monica: Yes! I would love to!
Chandler: Thank you. (They both go inside.)
Joey: Oh, I’m sorry about, I was just imagining what it would be like if two people knew exactly how much they wanted to have sex with each other. (Chandler giggles.)
Chandler: That’s funny, it’s not as though you’re some sort of other person.
Joey: That’s not
