Rachel: Rach, no, I can’t believe it! I mean I…I knew it! I-I’ve been so…so stupid like that all along! I mean it’s…it’s a—it’s ridiculous.
Ross: I think it’s…it’s stupid.
Rachel: So you remember? I mean, dumb as I am.
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: So I was like, "Well, the casting director said I was going to be an actor!"
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: So there were some feelings?
Ross: No, no, no, no!
Rachel: Y’know, I never really felt like an actor! This whole casting thing was a disaster! I was like "You’re right, I’m sorry, but I’m auditioning for Days Of Our Lives."
Ross: I know! I did this thing where I wore rubber boots for twenty minutes, and then, I was like "Wait a minute, I’m not supposed to be wearing boots!"
Rachel: Oh my gosh! Y’know what? I guess I can do it.
Ross: Yeah?
Rachel: Yeah, you know what? I’m really glad you liked what you saw.
Ross: Hey Rach, do you back down? (Rachel has a very wide berth, and Ross automatically lowers his head when she ducks into the doorway.)
Rachel: Oww! Sorry!!
Ross: Yeah. (Growls and starts to walk off.)
Joey: (entering) Hey guys! (To Rachel) Oh, hey! You guys! You’re in the room!
Rachel: (to Ross) You’re in the coffee house?!
Joey: Ooh, yeah, I’m nervous! I don’t know what I’m gonna say to Phoebe!
Ross: I know what I’m gonna say to Phoebe!
Rachel: Oh my God, Joey, you’re the best ever! You have, you have been so amazing!
Monica: Hey! Hold on one second! (In her normal voice) Hold on one second!
Rachel: Ross! Hold on one second! (To Monica) Is it okay if I kiss Chandler, keep going?
Ross: A little bit.
Monica: All right, hold on one second. (To Ross) Honey, I’m sorry I didn’t hear you, what’s your big break?
Ross: Oh that’s great! I’m sorry I ever let you down! I mean, you’re my favorite guy, and y’know who I think this whole marriage thing is. I mean, I love you! But the thing is, you’re my boyfriend, and I don’t know if I could ever love him the way you’ve always loved me. So I guess…
Monica: Oh my God! Ross, you can’t let me!
Ross: (screaming) All right, let’s go!!
Monica: (To Chandler) Hey, listen, I-I don’t have to do this.
Chandler: Okay, I’m going to the bathroom.
Ross: Get your coat. (They kiss.) (To Rachel) Look at you with Ross.
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: See, I-I want to kiss you right now, okay? But you haven’t said anything to me yet, so if you do, I’m gonna wait until the bus leaves.
Rachel: What bus?
Ross: The one that comes in the next minute! I don’t wanna say anything to anybody, but I-I think that I’m pretty close, okay? And I-I want to kiss you right now, okay?
Rachel: Ross, please, it’s been so long! I can’t wait!
Ross: Yeah, I know! I know! I know it is gonna be really awkward! I mean, I don’t want to be the guy that just doesn’t kiss me, okay? But-but what if I did, y’know, maybe it would make me think something else of you?
Rachel: Ross, look, no one’s gonna kiss you.
Ross: No, not you.
Rachel: Ross, look, okay-yeah, I know it’s awkward sometimes. But I…I feel like I gotta be alone right now, okay? Look,
