Joey: (In a sexy voice) Please... relax on the couch! (he sits down) Joey: Hey Joe... Hey... Hey you guys. Hey, here's a present for Joey. I got you going to... Paris, France Christmas party, I think I'm gonna    oversleep. (Joey seems to take it) I've been practicing my message a little. Rachel: Hey Joey, this is sweet, isn't it? You know, like the    version of Lucky Charms, where you get a very specific kind of flowers, and then when they    double the amount of invitations I get, I send out a little newsletter. Rachel: Go tell    about yourself! Joey: What!? You don't do that! Rachel: I do! Joey: Why? What's wrong with me? Rachel: Ohh... headache! I get it! (she gets up, and goes to the couch) What's wrong? Joey: Oh... uh... hey... hey... hey... hey... hey... (he goes to the couch again, and finds that Rachel has overslept) Rachel: Ogh... I'm sorry... (she goes into her room to find that Joey has finally    got the message) Oh hey you... There it is! (she hugs him) It's you! Hey you! You're my new best man! (she goes into her room and closes the door) You have been wonderful!
Joey: (after a short look) So I uh... I guess you're mugging today.
Rachel: Yeah, but you better check later. You know, I'm just going to see if you can show me around.
Joey: Oh hey, Rach? You're out with a guy by the name of    Chandler.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, well that's awesome! I'm gonna go see him.
Joey: (To Monica) Hey! Tell him about your trip to Paris.
Monica: Where did you go to see him?
Joey: Oh, I thought you went to see a librettist.
Monica: What are you talking about? He's rude!
Joey: Anyway...he's not rude, he's hot!
Monica: What about you? What about...
Joey: Last week you said you had a crush on Rachel, but when I saw you slouched in front of    my daughter, who is perfectly fine (conversates) I couldn't... I got a whiff of    you and realised I should have been more nice.
Monica: (looks at me suspicious) What's wrong?
Joey: I'm just so exhausted from this whole party! I really scared    this girl in front of me. It was worth it just to be in a public place, ok? Besides, I don't care    if my friends are over 50.
Monica: That is a description not based on actual experience.
Joey: (after a while) You are a little over 50.
Monica: (screams) Oh my God! Joey's gonna out!    (The short version: You went to see a librettist. It wasn't him, it was someone else.    It was just a few guys - maybe two guys with hair styles that match your own, talking    around in a public place. It was wild!)
Rachel: Hey! Ooh Rachel! I thought you lived in Soho! (looks    around, and realises that she is the only one there) Wait a minute, are you sure there's nothing wrong with    being polite?
Rachel: No, of course not! It was just a coincidence!
Monica: Oh my God! I hope it wasn't your first time in a party, huh?
Rachel: (pause) Ok, ok, why don't you just, just forget about it.
Monica: (gets up) I see where you made your point.
Rachel: (touches and kisses her hair) It's in a pony tail!
Monica: (goes and kisses her again) I didn't realise you were so popular!
Rachel: Still so popular!
Monica: I know!
Rachel: I don't know what's wrong with you, I mean, you probably are just overheated (pats her    hair) fans, yeah.
Monica: I just don't think it's the best party environment.
Rachel: What about the guy starting to feel better? (she talks for    a while) Well, I'm gonna go and make him some tea.
Monica
