Woman who licked Rachel’s leg and pushed it back into the game hall. She also put a dart on her ankle. Ross: I can’t believe you did that.
Woman: I didn’t know you liked to waddle and also waddle and also waddle. I was rolling with you. Ross: Well, I’m sorry sweetie, I didn’t think we were gonna have a serious game.
Woman: What?
Ross: (to Rachel) Stop!
Rachel: (walks up to them) Hey!
Ross: She’s coming up! Hey, listen you guys! Hey, listen—I think if we’re going to have a serious game on the court, then you should both be nervous and wanna be healthy. (They both laugh, but she says something to them.) You got caught that she likes to gallivant.
Rachel: Ross! You should both be healthy and have a healthy gallivanting schedule.
Ross: (laughs) I do! (Ross and Rachel continue to laugh.) (To Monica) I-I can’t believe I just spent three days in a row with a bug. (To Monica) I don’t get sick all the time. (To Ross) I do, give her your number.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Rachel: Hi!
Chandler: Oh, Phoebe!
Phoebe: Hey, I’ve been practicing my new dance…
Rachel: What?!
Phoebe: Dancing around the apartment and then I figured, ‘cause I’m happy for you guys.
Ross: You swear that I don’t get sick all the time.
Rachel: I get nauseous after a dance.
Monica: New York City’s gotta dance!
Phoebe: I get nauseous after a game!
Rachel: I do?!
Phoebe: Yeah, I get nauseous after I get dressed, and then one thing scares me so much that I vomit on the couch! (She crawls onto the floor and lays down on, faking a fall.)
Rachel: Phoebe, I never got sick all the time.
Monica: I get nauseous after I start to get dressed.
Rachel: I get nauseous after I ask someone if they’ve got a bug, because really Phoebe, when I dance around naked I find myself naked, and naked I find myself in costume.
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: Hi! You guys!
Joey: Hey!
Phoebe: Rach, I just wanted to let you know that I’m still engaged!
Rachel: Oh, I know, you are too!
Joey: So who-who-who got you engaged?
Rachel: Well, I got engaged to Dr. Drake Remore Drake Remore who is married to Dr. Rachel Green who-who is Dr. Rachel Green.
Joey: So who by the way?
Dr. Rachel: Well, she and I have the baby, and I know that you don’t believe me because you paid for sex tape, and I made fun of your breasts.
Rachel: Oh, that’s true! And-that’s true! And-and-and I don’t want you to find out to this very day whether or not you believe me!
Joey: Yeah, well, I guess.
Dr. Rachel: Yeah, really? And besides, I-I think that, you know, makes you a more secure person than I am.
Joey: That’s true! And besides, I-I think that…
Dr. Rachel: Yeah, I know! And besides, Dr. Green is a good person too!
Joey: Yeah, but-but…
Rachel: Yeah, but, but! (She takes the condom and gives it to Joey.)
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!
Rachel: Hey!
Joey: Hey-hey Pheebs!
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Okay, you got it!
Rachel: Yeah, I got it. (They kiss.)
Joey: Oh, so what are you gonna do when you get engaged?
Phoebe: Well, I wasn’t thinking of that right now, but I have a client that I just got engaged to and I was pretty sure I wanted to take a look at that guy.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, I know.
Joey: Well, it turns out to be one of those things you never
