Chandler: I can't believe you're asking me this.
Phoebe: Well, if you don't know what you're doing, it's kinda hard to believe the guy you're trying to fool is actually trying to fool you.
Chandler: Yeah, it's easy to believe, I didn't even think of you twice.
Phoebe: Oh, I know, I was just so nervous.
Joey: Oh, I know, I know, it's hard to believe, but you were the one who felt that way when it came to acting.
Ross: Acting, by the way, is pretty much the same as it was in the street.
Rachel: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Rachel: Joey, I just got off the phone with Emma and uh, (gives Chandler a huge envelope) I think it's safe to say that I've been totally flirting with her.
Joey: (pause) No-no-no, no-no, just-just-just-just kiss her.
Rachel: Okay.
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Rachel: Monica! Monica, I just wanna make sure Emma is okay, I think it's probably gonna be hard for her to get over that bug out of her system, but I have something I've been wanting to tell you for a long time!
Monica: I know!
Rachel: Thank you soo much for hookin' me.
Monica: I know, I've been waiting for so long to be doing something for you.
Rachel: Well, I'm done.
Monica: You're done? Come on! Tell me about yourself!
Rachel: Monica, I think I can do it.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Good. (She goes over and sits down.)
Rachel: (to Monica) So, how did it go with Ross?
Monica: Oh, I was so happy for you, but I'm not happy because I think you're being too reliant on me and my friend Rachel.
Rachel: Oh, I know, I know, I know, and I know, and I know, I know that's just because I have a crush on you. And I know you have been so wonderful in the past, but when it comes to me I want you to be great and you should be special. And if it means that much to you I... (She kisses him on the cheek)
Monica: (in a loving and supportive voice) You... I know I have to say...
Rachel: (softly) Congratulations...
Monica: (with soft hands on her hips) You... (in a sexy and sexy voice) You make me wanna dance... (In sexy and sexy voice) Ok, so you made me wanna dance.
Rachel: So you did.
Monica: Ok.
Rachel: So you did.
Monica: Oh God, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I can't believe this.
Joey: (entering) Hey, Monica!
Carol: Hey!
Joey: Monica, I got you your audition for Days Of Our Lives.
Monica: And you didn't know it, but I was gonna ask you out.
Joey: Hey, come on in.
Monica: You just told me you wanted to be with me?
Joey: Yeah. I guess.
Monica: (in a sexy voice) You know what? You're never gonna be me.
Joey: What?
Monica: Oh, it's gonna be Joey.
Joey: Ok.
Monica: Huh?
Joey: (whispering) You are so sweet to talk to like this!
Monica: (in sexy voice) Me, Joey! Me, Joey! Me, Joey! Me, Joey! (Joey gives her a kiss, but she doesn't notice it and goes into the bathroom.)
Monica: You kissed Ross, right?
Joey: No, I didn't.
Monica: You kissed Ross, right?
Joey: No, I didn't.
Phoebe: (entering, interrupting Joey) Hey, hey, hey!
Monica: Hey, Pheebs! How come you have only known me twice?
Joey: I have some things in common.
Monica: You like me.
Joey: (in sexy voice) You like me, too, okay?
Monica: You don't know me.
Joey: I don't know you.
Phoebe: (in sexy voice) You don't know me, do ya?

