It's a good thing you're here.
Rachel: Phoebe, I... I'm sorry, all right, I was just... just thinking...
Monica: Uh-oh, he's not here.
Rachel: I'm sorry, all right, I was just thinking... I was just thinking... I was just thinking... I was just thinking...
Monica: You're right, it was just thinking... (Phoebe leans in and she whispers) I'm sorry, all right.
Rachel: (whispering) He's not here.
Monica: I'm sorry, all right, I was just thinking... I was just thinking... I was just thinking... I was just thinking... I was just thinking... I was just thinking... I was just thinking... I was just thinking... I was just thinking... (In a sexy voice) She's right, it is time we all stopped talking.
Phoebe: (in a sexy voice) Thanks for talking to me, Joe.
Ross: Hey, whaddyou want me for?
Joey: Hey, whaddyou want me for? (the guy goes away)
Ross: Hey, whaddyou want me for? (the guy finds out he's getting married)
Monica: What's-what's the matter?
Ross: I'm sorry... I'm sorry, I'm sorry... (he gets very drunk and starts hitting himself on the head with a bottle and has to be pulled from the wound)
Phoebe: (driving home from the restaurant) Ooh! That accident must've been terrible! (she notices something is wrong)
Joey: It looks like an ice sculpture!
Ross: It does look like an ice sculpture.
Phoebe: Oh, I love architecture!
Ross: Look, at this sculpture by Louis-Eric-Baron. In it, there's this great guy from school, Louis-Eric-Baron. And it's standing right next to my car, parked… (she checks it out) Yeah, he's really cool...
Rachel: Oh, look at that! That guy's in there!
Ross: Yeah, yeah, I guess I should be able to see him a lot of times a week... (he sits down) I wonder how much he means.
Rachel: Well, he's great! I mean, he's cool, he's funny... I mean, come on, he's so much fun with you! I mean, come on, I'm gonna get out of here!
Chandler: So, how did it go with Mike, is there any chance he'll be interested?
Rachel: Ooh, I gotta tell you, he's so great in bed!
Ross: He is! In fact, I think he's gonna be a huge part of my therapy! Yeah, it's gonna be really cool if he's around!
Rachel: I know, I remember my Dad telling me about him!
Ross: Yeah! Yeah! It's gonna be so great! I mean, I got to give him some ground.
Rachel: Well, I'm gonna have Rachel and him at our bachelor party tonight. (Ross and Joey make their way to the door and open it to find a rather stunning woman)
Chandler: Hey!
Rachel: Hi! Hi! (they kiss)
Chandler: Hey, how does she do?
Rachel: I'm good looking.
Ross: Do you wanna ask a question?
Phoebe: How do you do well at a woman's game?
Ross: Good looking!
Rachel: Well, I don't know...
Ross: No, no, no... Why?
Rachel: Because good looking does not lead to love.
Ross: You love women?
Rachel: No, I do not...
Ross: See, I love you! I love you more!
Rachel: I love you more! I love you more! (they hug and hug again, and Ross looks very moved)
Monica: So how did you guys play?
Chandler: Oh, okay!
Ross: Oh my god, I'm so sorry.
Phoebe: It wasn't your fault. It was her fault. Hey, you guys, I really like you.
Ross: She was right. I should not have done this. I should have known that you liked me more than I did you.
Chandler: I know, I know, and I shouldn't have done this, but I should have. I should have. I should have.
Ross: (even more passionately) You should not have done this.
Phoebe: (annoyed) Oh...
Rachel: Well, I guess we
