Rachel: Hey, try these on.
Chandler: Yeah. (He takes them off and they look at each other and start laughing. They both look at him for a while, then stop laughing.)
Rachel: Okay, try these on. (Rachel and Chandler act shocked.)
Chandler: Yeah. Tumultuous, magnificent.
Rachel: You think? I mean you just got it on the third try. Huh? Doesn't even work?
Chandler: Well it does on the first try, right?
Rachel: Yeah, you didn't get it on the third try do you?
Chandler: Yes, I did.
Rachel: Okay, try these on. (She takes them off and they look at each other, then at him, then back at her.) Oh, so smooth! Smooth! I love this smooth stuff!
Chandler: Yeah, I love this smooth stuff! I love these smooth, creamy, cheesy, delicious, like-like-what-not-like-what-I want… (Rachel stops laughing.)
Rachel: (laughing) Oh, you know what? This is fun. I mean it's-it's-it's easy, just follow me, I'll get you out of my life, and you'll never find me.
Chandler: (laughing) You do?
Rachel: Yeah, you just follow me. (Laughs)
Chandler: Really?
Rachel: Yeah.
Chandler: So-so I can go to the doctor, I can stay home all night worrying about not wanting to catch me.
Chandler: Okay, okay, well they (They move some boxes down the hall. They move some more boxes and come to a standstill.)
Rachel: Oh, all right! You're up!
Chandler: Okay, how long have I been up?
Rachel: I've been up the last 30 minutes!
Chandler: Well, I've been up the last 30 minutes 50,000+ hours!
Rachel: (starts to cry) 100,000+ hours?
Chandler: I've been up the last 30 minutes!
Rachel: Oh my God, I've been up the last 30 minutes!
Chandler: The doctor is at 8:00, the doctor is at 8:00, and I've been up the last 30 minutes!
Rachel: (crying) I've been up the last 30 minutes!
Chandler: The doctor is at 8:00, the doctor is at 8:00, and I've been up the last 30 minutes!
Rachel: Oh, you guys, come on, I thought you were crazy! I was just so worried about what I wanted to do tonight!
Chandler: Not tonight.
Rachel: Oh, I wanted to say that. (They hug.)
Chandler: So, I guess we've been through too much. My hair's been shaped like a turkey, my nails've been shaped like a fox, and my lip balm hasn't even been applied yet!
Rachel: (she covered her face with her hands) I know.
Chandler: So, you got anything special?
Rachel: I got to saving you a whole bunch of stuff. So, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Now, I don't want you to hear about my messy relationship with my    ex-boyfriend.
Chandler: What?
Rachel: (she heard the question and answers) All right, y'know what? I want you to hear this, and I think that if you like it     in a funny way, you should give it to me.
Chandler: Okay, okay, here's a very personal one. I wanted you to hear from me     so that you might know how badly I want to spend my life together.
Rachel: (sifting through Monica's hand cream) Okay, here's everything.
Phoebe: Hey you guys!
All: Hey!
Monica: Hey, Phoebe.
Chandler: Hey, Phoebe.
Rachel: Hi!
Monica: Y'know what, I should probably go. The doctor's at    8:00. I have a problem. (She picks up a box and holds it up to her eye level.) I can't believe    you told me you didn't want to tell me.
Phoebe: Of course I do! It's all in my head! I can't believe    you didn't tell me!
Rachel: (sifting through the rest of the mess) Okay, this is it
