I can't believe that was the only time last week when you guys were talking about me and Rachel. I mean, look at those baby pictures, I… I know I'm not the kind of girl that likes to date guys right now, but I have a feeling I can go out on a date sometime.
Phoebe: Definitely. And I thought that was because you were so much more in love with Rachel than I was.
Joey: (entering, happily) Hey.
Chandler: Hey.
Joey: Hey. So I read your fan mail and I was kinda scared.
Chandler: (notices something) Oh my God! Are you kidding me? I'm drooling all over you!
Joey: (grabbing the fan mail) I didn't know I could love another human being! (Chandler almost spills some coffee on him)
Chandler: If you love another human being, you should do whatever it takes to get her back! Come on! (Monica and Phoebe enter) Monica: Hey Phoebe! Rachel: Hi! Phoebe: Monica, what are you doing in the library? Chandler: Well, I thought it would be really fun when we went out that night. Monica: What? What fun? Chandler: Well, I thought we could be together for a little bit, but then I realized, I mean, why would we leave the place we started all up? Monica: Why? Why? Why would we have to get so drunk on Debbie's good cheer that we got stood up for real. Chandler: Because we're all drunk on good cheer! Monica: I don't care! (They go into the hall again, and Chandler makes a beeline for the ladies changing room.) Monica: Who are you going out to? Chandler: My friend Rachel. Monica: What? Is she there? Chandler: Not far from the ladies' room. (Rachel and Monica both find themselves in the ladies' room together again.) Monica: What? Monica: She's not here. Chandler: I should get back to my friend Rachel, she wants to be with someone who is as involved in them as she can. Monica: Really? Chandler: Yeah! And I should tell her I was told this, that there's something different. Monica: (shocked) You told her?! Chandler: Well, I told her I was going out with her. Monica: That's why you didn't tell me, because she didn't care! Chandler: Well, that's the reason why you didn't tell me. Monica: Why did you tell me? Chandler: Because it was too damn hard! Monica: I knew it! I knew it! I knew it! I was on a clock! And when you did it, it felt like Christmas! Chandler: That is so unfair! Monica: You know, I just had to tell you, because you told me so many times, you don't tell Rachel! Chandler: That is so unfair! (They hug, and Joey does a little crying) Well, I'm going to Santa this year too, and I will! And I will! I will save Rachel! And that will be it!  Monica: You're the best!
(They hug again, and Joey does a little crying again.)
Joey: (crying) I'm gonna catch up with you sometime, guys.

Chandler: (crying) I'm gonna catch up with you sometime, guys.

JOEY: You know what, I'm gonna stop crying, I'm just gonna stop being sad.

CHANDLER: You know what, maybe in your 20's you should get a job.

JOEY: Yeah, I guess I should.

CHANDLER: You know what, you should get a job.

JOEY: I'm not gonna suck.

CHANDLER: Yeah, well, if you're gonna get sad, you should quit.

JOEY: All right, I'm gonna go see my dad.

CHANDLER: Oh my God, you're gonna have to invite him.

JOEY: Oh, I can't. I don't want to.

CHANDLER: But you can't tell Rachel, you can't.

JOEY: You know what, I'm not quitting, ok? Because my dad's not giving me any raises, I'm not quitting, I'm not quitting!

CHANDLER: Really?! And you think you can quit after all?

JOEY: Yeah, you know what, it's just, it's the way it is, I don't want any changes either, and I think I'm okay with that.

CHANDLER: No, no
