Chandler: That's definite!
Monica: Oh, we can't do that.
Chandler: Hey, we can do that.
Monica: Oh, come on! We have so much work to do!
Chandler: What do you mean? Like, for instance? Like when we were talking!
Monica: Ooh! Can you believe it? (They both laugh.) We're surrounded by all the women celebrities bang!
Chandler: Look, it's not that hard! I mean, it is pretty easy. (Monica laughs harder.) I mean, we're surrounded by like 20 women celebrities bang!
Monica: (laughing) 25!
Chandler: Maybe we should just take a walk.
Monica: Okay. Let's both do our walks, and we'll meet some of the women celebrities bang.
Chandler: Oh-oh! Thank God you found them.
Monica: What?
Chandler: We found these on the street, and I'm just taking 'em.
Monica: Oh, okay. (They're both taking capsules.)
Chandler: (To Ross) Look, there's stuff on me that I just can't get out, y'know? I mean, I know how to get it out, but sometimes I have to have it moved.
Ross: Pheebs, things aren't that easy on each other!
Phoebe: Yeah, you know, they're y'know, they're y'know, they're in bed together!
Ross: Oh my God!
Chandler: (To Monica) Yeah, can I get some water?
Phoebe: Yeah. (She takes some and they both start to pee.)
Ross: No! No, no, no! I said get out! It wasn't my fault! I said get out!
Phoebe: No, and you know what? I know what it's like to be alone with someone who is like you all the time!
Monica: Yeah, I know too. When I was in that coma, I remember all the times that I wanted to kiss him, but he wouldn't stop staring at me. But all that time, I can't remember what it was I wanted to kiss him.
Chandler: Yeah, I distinctly remember how I wanted to kiss you.
Phoebe: Yeah, you didn't want to kiss him, but you did.
Ross: And when I was in that coma, I also distinctly remember how I wanted to kiss you.
Rachel: (entering) Hi.
Phoebe: Hey.
Rachel: Hey. Oh, how-how was your date?
Phoebe: Oh, it was good, uh, because we had this terrific time. I mean, y'know, I mean, I didn't know that I was in pain before.
Rachel: Ohh, that's so sweet. (She sits down at the sink.)
Phoebe: (notices something) Ohh, is that what they say on the Titanic.
Rachel: Oh. (She goes into her room.)
Phoebe: (runs into the living room.)
Rachel: Phoebe, is uh, is that a turkey in there?
Phoebe: No. No. (She grabs the turkey and heads into her room.)
Rachel: Phoebe, is that a rib in there?
Phoebe: No. (She goes into her room.)
Rachel: Oh, my God it is amazing! Oh, it must have been my grandmother's chicken restaurant!
Phoebe: Uh-huh! (She goes into her room.)
Rachel: I had a good date with that waitress!
Phoebe: She was fantastic.
Rachel: Oh, she was so efficient. You know, she was like-nice, and-determined, and then when I said I wanted to, she's like, "You're goin' nowhere".
Phoebe: (laughs) Exactly! Yeah, she was so sweet. (Ross and Rachel hug.)
Rachel: Hi.
Ross: Hey, I was just in our apartment, and one of the tenants is having such a problem with our back yard!
Rachel: Oh my God!
Ross: Yeah!
Rachel: Oh my God!
Ross: I rent a restaurant!
Rachel: Oh. (She and Ross start kissing and Ross finishes asking her out.)
Ross: Yeah, I guess you're gonna have to ask that guy that lived over there.
Rachel: Oh, I guess! I'm gonna have to ask that guy that lived in the bathroom!
Ross: I'm
