Rachel: Oh, ok. I like you better when you're, when you're, when you're laughing, and I'm sitting in my living room, and you're, (pause) you're, (pause) you're amazing, (she laughs harder) and I know it’s not gonna work, but you are, and you are, and you are... (she giggles and leaves)
Rachel: (laughing) You are, you are...
Ross: Did you, did you do it on purpose?
Rachel: No, I did it to be spiteful.
Ross: You're kidding, you're kidding, you're laughing now, (yelling at the top of his lungs) I'm not going anywhere, I'm... I'm... I'm not going anywhere. (she goes outside)
Ross: (recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor  Waltham. (he sits down at the desk and writes) Respectfully, professor  Waltham Reince.
Chandler: Professor Reince.
Ross: Thank God you're here.
Rachel: Ugh, it's just some kids today.
Phoebe: I can't believe this! I mean, I've only known him for six months, and I've only known him for six months    with twins!
Joey: (entering) Hey guys!
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Are you guys gonna come to the game tomorrow? Because tonight may be the game's big break-up    month!
Monica: Yeah, and it could be the last time we'll be together.
Ross: (he enters) Hey guys, listen, this was a conversation I had with    you about how I wanted you to be supportive, and I think I need to address some of your fears    and instead focus on the solution.
Monica: I know how hard this can be, 'cause we have so many free t-shirts!
Ross: Well, I don't care if I have free t-shirts; I love my shirt!
Monica: Uhm, Ross, when we were at Ralph Lauren, when I got this [    shirt] on maternity leave, I was the kind of person who…when I got laid, I thought, y'know,    but there was this really great guy there who worked for him, and he was supportive. And now it's    over, and we're back to where we were, and he has a baby with Ben, and Ben and    Monica are having a baby, and Ross loves maternity leave.]
Ross: That is so wonderful!
Phoebe: Yeah, but you know, it's just when it came to maternity leave, I mean, I    never had any with men.
Monica: I had two.
Ross: Really?
Phoebe: Yeah, I had the great Mr. Bowmont. You know, he was a real stand up guy.
Monica: Really?
Ross: Yeah, he had a beard that way, 'cause he didn't expect it to be    like that.
Phoebe: (looking at a picture of Mr. Bowmont) Oh my God, that picture is so cute!
Ross: It is cute!
Joey: Yeah, yeah, oh my God!
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Hey! Where are you going?
Chandler: Hey, I just called to let you know I'm thinking about talking to Rachel    right now, and I should say, "Hello"?
Joey: Yeah?
Chandler: (nervously) Yeah!
Joey: All right, I have to go. I have a meeting with my lawyer. (Exits)
Rachel: (to Monica) So, how was your date?
Monica: You were amazing!
Joey: Yeah! Yeah, it was great! It was really...
Rachel: You know, I think it's fair to say that you ended up going out with her.
Monica: How can that be?
Rachel: Well, it wasn't for one night, and that's it. I'm going out with someone else. I'm    leaving behind you. And I thought, "Why not me?". So I guess I just ended up with the    other person.
Joey: (Sarcastic) Ok, well, you're wrong. I'm sorry. I just try to relax.    Don't make me feel badly about it.
Rachel: You know, I don't get it. This
