I'm not saying anything. It could be your waiter. 
Mrs. Green: Mrs. Green, it's not like we're asking for a favour. It's-it's, it's just something that you do. 
Mrs. Green: Thank you. 
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just that, when I was in the chair, she was looking at you, and you were staring at me, and, and I could feel your body. 
Mrs. Green: You're not... you're not actually supposed to be using this... 
I'm sorry. 
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (Mrs. Green looks at me expectantly) And when I told you that I was using you, you were really supportive, and you even went so far as to ask me if... 
  I could get you a Christmas miracle. Mrs. Green: (In a loving, tender voice) Of course... you're going to Heaven! 
  (she hugs him, and there is a brief silence) (to everyone) She's hugging him tight. 
Rachel: So, uhm... it seems like you've been a little quiet lately... (crying)
Ross: (crying) I can't believe you told her, because she's dying, baby shower coming up.. (crying) 
Chandler: (crying) baby shower coming up.. (crying) 
Monica: (crying) baby shower coming up... (crying) 
Phoebe: (crying) baby shower coming up... (crying) 
Ross: (crying) I can't believe I didn't tell anybody. I'm so sorry. (crying) 
Joey: Well, it's probably okay because I'm gonna be getting married next month. 
Phoebe: Yeah, you know, ever since Emma got sick, I've been worried about... my health. 
Ross: That's really what I was worried about. 
Joey: You... you were the reason she got sick. 
Phoebe: She was the reason. 
Chandler: What about all the guys you went out with on your own honey? Don't you remember? 
Ross: Aww, you guys... (he gets up) I'm gonna go out. 
Chandler: But I have to stay home from work so I can wait for the baby. 
Monica: Ross, you know, you just have to wait and see. I mean, it could be years. You're just... you're so tiny. 
Ross: I understand. I understand. Honey, you're going to be tiny. 
Monica: You're going to be tiny. (Ross gives her a squeeze) I'm going to be tiny. (they kiss) 
Joey: So. What did you think of The Handmaid's Tale? 
Ross: Oh my god. This is the best sex I've had in a long time. 
Chandler: If you read the script, you said "if she's blushing like I did, you know" 
Ross: You know what? She's blushing. 
Chandler: Oh my god. I hope she's not embarrassed to tell you. 
Ross: No, no, it's not that. When I was in the chair you were in, you were naked. 
Chandler: (thinks) I like naked? 
Ross: So? I mean, I was naked. (he and Chandler kiss again) 
Chandler: Yeah, well, we weren't naked that night. (they kiss again) 
Ross: Oh. (They kiss again) So? 
Chandler: Yeah. In fact, I was naked for like an hour, and then I came out of it. (they kiss again) 
Ross: Okay, so? How hard did it feel to tell a naked guy? 
Chandler: I don't know. (Ross and he start kissing again) 
Ross: I don't know. I don't think I could feel this strongly enough for you. (they start kissing again) 
Chandler: I don't think that it could. (they start kissing again) 
Ross: (to Chandler) Hey, how about we do this once? Huh? We're at the ATM! We've got money in our account, we need to spend it. 
Chandler: Well, I don't think we can do that right now. 
Ross: Let's just do it once. (he starts kissing again) 
Chandler: Yeah
