Joey: So what? What?
The Casting Director: I can’t find a good actor…
Joey: Oh come on! Let me think! (He’s wearing a costume as well.)
The Casting Director: I don’t think so.
Joey: A costume? Uh-huh, not really.
The Casting Director: What’s your name?
Joey: Joe.
The Casting Director: Joey Tribbiani.
Joey: Oh.
The Casting Director: Joey Tribbiani’s Aunt Monica?
Joey: (seeing what he’s doing on TV!) Yeah, uh-huh, I’m auditioning for a new show!
The Casting Director: "Can I see you in a commercial?" You can’t be in a commercial!
Joey: (To the cast director) Then I can’t.
The Casting Director: You’re not in a commercial! You’re only in a commercial! And you’re auditioning for a commercial, and you’re auditioning for a commercial before this commercial, and you’re doing a commercial before this commercial, and you’re doing a commercial after this commercial, and you’re still auditioning!"
Joey: "Commercial!"
The Casting Director: (To Joey) I’m sorry, could you give me like an hour?
Joey: Oh, look I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry. (Starts to leave.)
The Casting Director: And yet you still want to go after me?
Joey: Why not?
The Casting Director: You don’t want to go after me.
Joey: Fine, I will! But, I don’t want to go after you!
The Casting Director: Well, then, if it makes you feel any better, I’m audition for a Broadway show!
Joey: A show.
The Casting Director: And I can’t find you!
Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa, that’s all right! Come on! I want you to be my assistant!
The Casting Director: I understand! (Exits.)
Joey: No you can’t! My agent told me!
Rachel: Joey, umm, I never heard of any such thing. Does anybody have one more piece of advice?
Joey: I’ll tell you what, I’m not auditioning for a Broadway show.
Rachel: Well you’re gonna have to tell me what you do do, because once I interview you, I’m going to be a slum like every other New Yorker!
Joey: (To the audition guy) Hey! Hey, how many of you have ever heard of the "13"?
The Casting Director: Nine!
Joey: (To the guy) Oh yeah! Tell me what you do do.
The Casting Director: Are you familiar with the rules? Have a plan.
Joey: Uh-hmm. I’m a slum like every other New Yorker. Have a plan!
The Casting Director: How do you know when it’s a party?
Joey: No. It’s kinda like this big study party. You’re supposed to be one of the first to know, y’know, the sound of music and sex and politics and gay sex and pizza and sex and naked mole-sitting!
Rachel: What about naked mole-sitting, huh?
Joey: You should be!
Rachel: How do you know when naked mole-sitting is gay sex?
Joey: You know what? Maybe I should do something about it.
Rachel: Oh my God!
Joey: I know! Maybe I should do something!
Rachel: Okay. Right there. (Kisses him.)
Joey: I know, it’s just…
Rachel: So uh, what do you think you’re gonna do?
Joey: I don’t know! I mean, I guess I could just be at home with my hands over my crotch or I could meet someone who thinks my hand is bigger than it is!
Rachel: But you can’t stop trying! You just gotta keep trying!
Joey: But I can’t stop.
Rachel: But but but—But I can’t stop.
Joey: But I can’t stop.
Rachel: But but—But I can’t stop.
Joey:
