Woman keeps throwing water bottles at her as she and her husband walk past the Village Voice restaurant on Janice night Janice.
Monica: (entering) Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, we got married!!
Phoebe: What?
Monica: Oh my God, honey, we got married!
Phoebe: Oh my God, we got married!!
Chandler: Wow!
Monica: Yeah, it's just a miracle. I-I-I can't believe that I'm still stuck between two people.
Phoebe: What are you talking about?
Monica: Well, one of them is pronouncing you certain diseases.
Phoebe: Oh, and I'm not gonna be pronouncing either one of you these days.
Monica: Oh, you're not gonna be able to do that.
Phoebe: Oh, I'm gonna be a doctor of all drabs.
Monica: Yeah (she starts talking about a disease that bites people. She looks at a bug that's been sitting in their kitchen for three days and she realizes what she's saying). It bites everybody.
Phoebe: It's so hard to be honest with one of your drabs.
Monica: Phoebe, that bug is eating bugs!
Phoebe: I know. Oh, yeah, that's why bugs don't like you, that doesn't like you, that bugs hate you.
Monica: It's so hard to lie.
Phoebe: Okay, that's true. But you know what, you should know that from now on you're gonna be a drabs pest.
Monica: (yelling) I’m a pest!
Phoebe: Pest! You are a pest!
Monica: That's ridiculous! Oh, you know, I went to school for that, you guys all live together, and pest control is a big job!
Chandler: I thought it was going to be a small business that we're gonna have a business about.
Monica: (yells and goes to get her drink; Chandler ignores her) You guys all live together!!
Chandler: I hate you.
Monica: I hate you!
Phoebe: I hate you!
Monica: (singing) You know I’m afraid of bugs. I hate you.
Chandler: You know what, if you hate me, if you hate me, you will never be able to get married.
Monica: (yelling and jumping in front of Chandler) Why won’t I get married?! I will never be able to have a marriage with someone who hates me!
Chandler: You know what? I think I’m gonna do this. I think I’m gonna have a marriage that’s happy and healthy and fun and everybody should have a wedding that makes them feel special.
Monica: (joining in from the patio) Hey guys!
All: Hi, Pheebs!
Joey: Hey.
Rachel: Hi! I just had the perfect sandwich and I wanted to give it to someone. I wanted to tell you that I'm gonna be taking care of this wedding for a couple of days and that I’m gonna make sure nothing happens to her.
Monica: Do you even know what that means?
Rachel: Well, it means that I am taking care of you and Monica’s parents. It means I’m making sure that everything looks and feels the way they want.
Joey: Yeah, they’re really happy.
Phoebe: Oh, you guys, this is so great! It’s just like the most perfect little miracle that I ever had!
Rachel: I know!
All: What?!
Rachel: I just had a bag of these (she squeezes the bag).
Rachel: What’s all this?
Phoebe: Oh, here’s a picture of you and Chandler.
Rachel: Oh. (she holds up the bag and shows it to Joey)
Joey: Oh yeah! I thought you guys would all be all happy.
Rachel: I know.
Joey: Oh, I can’t believe they all look exactly the same. I mean, you might be able to tell.
Phoebe: No, we’re different. We’re…we’re a little closer than some of you guys probably are.
Rachel: (shocked) You guys are closer than some of you guys probably are. I mean, you’re closer than I am.
Phoebe: (
