Chandler: (seeing the look on her face) It’s okay. I’m fine. (They go over to talk and Chandler starts laughing. Then Monica comes over to listen in on the conversation.) Monica: (To Chandler) Did you hear what I said?
Chandler: What?
Monica: (To Monica) Well I-I was just talking about the whole Shep-Wayne thing. I mean, if we were still talking about the whole, you know, So-So Monica, why don’t you just have lunch?
Chandler: That’s a good idea! Y’know like once a week?
Monica: Why don’t you just go over to the cafeteria and have some of that chicken tenderest thing you ever thought about.
Chandler: (To Monica) And-and you can have chicken tenderest.
Monica: (shocked) Oh my God!
Chandler: (To Monica) What are you talking about?
Monica: (stepping in) I don’t have chicken tenderest!
Chandler: Yeah I know, I know, it’s not a surprise. I’m glad that you like it.
Monica: (approaches) Oh Pheebs, listen umm, I don’t know if I can get you lunch, but I’m really happy that you like umm, chicken nachos. (Gives Monica a ‘Come on’ look.)
Chandler: (following her) So umm, I guess it is nice to finally be alone after all this time!
Monica: I know I am!
Chandler: (To Monica) And if you’re still not attracted, I’m sorry, I really hope you don’t try to get me to do it again.
Monica: (looking at Chandler) What are you talking about?
Chandler: There is no harm in trying. I mean, I’m not attracted to her at all, okay? I have a boyfriend who is, who has a girlfriend, and I-I-I have a wife, and I still have a job. Sure she is a little unattractive, but look at how well she treats you, you’re lucky because she’s really sweet. Come on, I’m sorry sweet.
Monica: Chandler, just-just try not to be attracted to her, okay? I don’t want you to replace my regular clientele and you can have a relationship partner who is not unattractive.
Chandler: Fine.
Monica: (To Chandler) Well, I really appreciate that, but… (To Monica and Phoebe) Okay, listen, okay, I want you to be healthy here and I want you to have fun here. Okay? I’m just trying to be healthy here. You’re just not a great host. (Phoebe glares at her.) What do you mean?
Chandler: (To Monica) I-I don’t have time for this.
Monica: (To Phoebe) You’re just a terrific host!
Chandler: Well, I’m ready for her…
Monica: (To Rachel) It’s okay, I mean it. It’s just I don’t want her anymore.
Rachel: Why?
Chandler: Because you’re still attracted to her.
Rachel: That’s great! Good for you! And-and because you’re not a great host! Y’know what? I’ll see you tomorrow! (To Phoebe) Okay, bye-bye!
Phoebe: Oh, I love you!
Rachel: Bye-bye!
Phoebe: Bye-bye!
Rachel: Bye-bye!
Phoebe: Gotcha. (Ursula walks in.)
Rachel: (To Monica) So what’s going on?
Monica: I have a great job interview! I found out who hired Ross, and the first line of defense is no interview.
Rachel: Well, I-I can’t believe it!
Monica: Oh, I know! You suck! But what do you say we hire you?
Rachel: I-I-I don’t know! I mean it is a big mistake but it’s your first day at work and you’re the best person there ever was.
Monica: Ohh, I know! I know.

