Joey: Wh-wh-what is the matter with us?!
Phoebe: Well, good news! You and I have got a baby!
Joey: We were all hoping that...
Phoebe: Because we are expecting a girl baby!
Joey: Yeah, we were all hoping that you and I would be together.
Phoebe: We're two different girls babies.
Joey: We're one big baby. (He flips a coin) Girl or boy, I'm gonna have you.
Phoebe: I love you Phoebe.
Joey: Hey, you have to stop the coin flip; I love you.
Phoebe: Thanks. (she flips the coin) Congratulations! You two are actually twins!
Ross: Hi!
Chandler: Hey.
Ross: Hey. Well, what did you guys do today?
Chandler: We took a walk down the street, looked up, saw a guy with a gun, and said...
Ross: Yeah, well, I think it's safe to say that you're not connected by a single red wire.
Chandler: I'm not connected by a single wire.
Ross: (the guy with a gun runs off) Where are the red lights?
Chandler: Oh, they're still on the roof.
Ross: What?
Chandler: Ross's gonna kill me.
Ross: Oh my God!
Chandler: Here we go... (they start kissing)
Ross: (to the guy) Hey.
Guy: Hey.
Ross: So, I guess we've established who the father is here in New York.
Chandler: Oh, I guess it's him.
Ross: Here we go. (they start kissing again and Ross starts to run into his apartment)
Ross: (sarcastic) So I guess you're not connected by a single red wire.
Monica: What?
Ross: I'm not connected by a single wire!
Chandler: (as they kiss) You guys don't have one!
Ross: (looks at the guys) Don't worry, you guys, I don't think we're going to find anything here.
Chandler: I don't think we're going anywhere.
Ross: No, we're not.
Chandler: Oh, hold on a second. Hold on a second...
Chandler: (to the guys) We found a lone gunman!
Ross: He went through our apartment! He ran! He entered our building! He's a hoot!
Chandler: He's a hoot!
Ross: He's a hoot!
Chandler: He's a hoot!
Ross: He's a hoot!
Phoebe: Oh, it's okay. I was walking down the street with a guy who looked like he was running on fumes.
Joey: What's the smell you son? (the guy who looks like he's running on fumes) Okeechobee's gets you!

Ross: I was talking about the woman who works at the restaurant.
Ross: She's not my wife.
Joey: Okeechobee's? Like you wouldn't believe. 
Ross: Yeah, and I know it's not about the smell, I mean, come on, women tend to smell a lot like apples. (the guy leaves) Bye-bye. (the guy leaves)
Monica: Chandler, why are you here?
Chandler: Monica called again, but this time she said she didn't know where the phone call was.
Joey: Bye-bye.
Chandler: Bye. (they hang up the phone)
Joey: So what did Joey say?
Chandler: Nothing. He said he's gonna call her back, but she's not here.
Monica: Why are you here?
Chandler: I'm sorry. I was just looking in the window.
Rachel: (entering, happily) Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Rachel: Is that you? (the girl from the restaurant still doesn't believe it)
Monica: Yeah, yeah I know.
Rachel: (To Chandler) Hey, listen, I think we need to talk about this.
Chandler: What?
Rachel: Yeah, I think that you're having a hard time with this.
Chandler: Oh yeah, yeah, I think I let myself down a little.
Monica: (to Rachel) You know what? I think you're on a good note. I think you're okay. I think you're enjoying life
