Does this anyone care to get a little closer?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Umm, so this is pretty much all I need to know right now. (Starts to think and groans.) So? What's your job here?
Ross: It's just checking out the latest sex pictures on the guy's website.
Rachel: Oh yeah, pretty much. (Feeling something.)
Ross: Yeah, so I'm just here looking at a picture, y'know if that makes you feel any better. (Shows her his photo.)
Rachel: (laughs) You're a hot babe.
Ross: Yeah, y'know what? This is what I do for a living. I call attention to the fact that you're actually hot chicks.
Rachel: Ohh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Umm, this is ridiculous. Do you know what? I'm just gonna go out and have dinner with Dino, huh?
Ross: Well, I gotta go have a backup. (He goes to have dinner with Dino and Rachel makes him laugh.)
Rachel: Umm, is this true?
Ross: Yes. This is...
Rachel: I'm sorry, it's only gonna come to that.
Ross: No, not at dinner. It's just... It's my last night with you guys. (He kisses Rachel and starts to leave.)
Joey: Hey, remember the day you guys got back together, huh?
Rachel: Yeah. (Starts laughing again.)
Joey: Well, it was better than I thought it would be.
Rachel: Yeah, I know, I know, I know, I know.
Phoebe: Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Hey, my little happy hour was worth a try.
Rachel: Oh, you know what? I'm gonna go have a little batchy-baking.
Phoebe: Sweetie, it's been a while since I've baked, most of my food’s been on bakes, and I have a hanger on the door.
Rachel: (comes out of her room and throws away the baked goods) Oh, I know, I know, I know, that was really sweet. I'm gonna go have a little batchy-baking. (Goes to have a Hershey's Kiss also baked.)
Phoebe: Well, I guess we can go back to where we were.
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: Oh, instead of going back to that, we could be like, having a little batchy-baking.
Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: So, by the way, I really enjoyed this! (She grabs a picture).
Rachel: That was really pretty.
Phoebe: Alright. (Baking) Okay, now let me just take off the top of your head and you can see my new boyfriend. (She takes off his shirt.)
Rachel: (looking at the picture) What?
Phoebe: (taking off his pants) Yes, I'm surprised to see him again!
Rachel: Oh!
Phoebe: Okay, now try to picture him again.
Rachel: Oh-kay.
Phoebe: So, now try to picture him again.
Rachel: Yeah, now try a picture of Ross.
Phoebe: Oh! Okay, okay, now try to picture Ross.
Rachel: Okay, so now try to picture Monica.
Phoebe: Oh, my God! You are so talented!
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: Well... (Ross returns, wearing a costume)
Ross: Hey guys! Hey-hey-hey-hey! I brought home some uh extra food for you today.
Rachel: Ross, I brought you food! You brought home food! Monica brought food! Ross brought food!
Ross: I am just so exhausted from all of our separate portions! (Motions for some extra cookie dough, which he crumbles into powder and put in a pizza box.)
Rachel: Okay, look! I have enough! Okay, here we go! (Puts the pizza in a saucepan.) You made a pizza! You made a meal! That's what you do!
Ross: No, I am just so exhausted! (Rachel looks at him)
Rachel: Okay, I guess we can go back to where we were.
Ross: Okay, so what you guys are gonna be having tomorrow?
Rachel: Not having plans?
Ross: No. (Goes and gets some dinner.)
Rachel: Okay. All right, so what you're going to be having tomorrow?
Ross: No! (H
