Rachel: We just don’t have time for this!
Phoebe: Oh I know, I know, it’s weird, but it’s nice to have someone I can trust.
Rachel: Yeah, I know, I know maybe we can go out and get a beer, but the last time I went out with him I did it like four times until we realized what had happened.
Phoebe: You’re not telling me you broke up with him?
Rachel: No, I was.
Phoebe: Well okay, just not about the stuff.
Rachel: Yeah, that’s great.
Phoebe: But y’know, it’s just, it’s something that I probably should have told you about. (They hug.)
Rachel: Phoebe, it’s okay that you broke up with him. I’m telling you, he’s not attracted to women. Y’know what? I think I can deal with this. I mean it’s never too late, just the fact that I did it, doesn’t mean it’s gonna be all right.
Phoebe: Okay. (They hug again.)
Ross: Hey, thanks for dinner, darling.
Phoebe: No-no, it’s okay, I’m not gonna feel guilty. I mean it’s just that it was a really big night, and I feel like I didn’t tell you about it. I-I should have. But, (Ross gives her a ‘Come on’ look) it was a big night!
Ross: What?!
Phoebe: What?! Why?!
Ross: I’m sorry, I just can’t tell everyone, I mean it’s like, y’know when I first met you I was so embarrassed, but now that you’re with me, I don’t want to be the person who makes it worse.
Phoebe: Oh my god.
Ross: Oh, why don’t you tell me? (He takes a ‘A’ look at his magazine.)
Phoebe: I can’t tell you that. I am going to talk about it on the spot.
Ross: Phoebe, you may not think it’s a club.
Phoebe: I think the thing is there is just such a thing as too many women in this world. (They all look at her.) I mean, you have to tell me something.
Ross: Oh, why do you need to tell me?
Phoebe: What? (She points to the arm of the couch that her parents are sitting on.)
Ross: But tell me?! How many women are there in this world?
Phoebe: Six? How many?!!
Ross: How many? (They all look at him again.)
Rachel: Phoebe, umm, he’s your friend. He’s got great taste. He-he-he’s funny, and he’s really fast.
Phoebe: That’s funny. (They all look at her.)
Rachel: He has great taste. He’s funny, and he’s really fast.
Phoebe: Oh my god, what’s funny?
Rachel: He has great taste. He’s funny, and he’s really fast.
Phoebe: Oh my god, what’s funny?
Rachel: He has great taste. He’s funny, and he’s really fast.
Phoebe: Y’know what? I think I tell you this the other day, when I came back from my trip to the beach, he was still playing crummy guitar with Phoebe who was still playing crummy guitar with him.
Rachel: Oh, you’re right. Oh my god, I’m so sorry.
Phoebe: No, you’re right. You’re right. I-I-I’m sorry.
Rachel: Phoebe, you didn’t tell me how many women were in fact in the car, you only told me how many women were in there!
Phoebe: Okay, okay, okay, y’know what? I’m gonna go tell the guys that there were women (pause) in the car.
Rachel: What?! I don’t want to get on the roof!
Phoebe: Why not?
Rachel: Because y’know uh
