Rachel: Okay, this is gonna be rough.
Tag: It will be. No, I'm gonna go. I'm gonna do this. I can't do this. I'm not gonna eat this.
Rachel: Huh? What are you talking about?
Tag: No, it's okay. I'm fine fine.
Rachel: Yeah, I'm fine.
Tag: I understand. I'm fine.
Rachel: Okay, I just want to know which one of you guys they've got.
Tag: Guys?
Rachel: Oh yeah! Guys?
Tag: Guys?
Rachel: Okay. (They kiss.)
Tag: Guys?
Rachel: Yeah.
Tag: Guys?
Chandler: (entering) Hey Rach.
Rachel: Oh my God! How are you?
Chandler: Oh, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Rachel: So, how did you know that I was coming over?
Chandler: Well, I thought maybe you guys were different.
Rachel: Okay, well you guys, there's two things to think about.
Chandler: The first is what you think I should wear, and the second is what color your shoes are.
Rachel: Okay, okay. (They kiss again.)
Chandler: Okay, so how did you know that I was coming?
Rachel: Oh, my God. You did. You were so sure that I was going to be there that when I got here I didn't know I was coming?
Chandler: You were so right.
Rachel: How did you know I was coming?
Chandler: It's okay, I know I'm a little awkward around girls, but I knew I would find you. (She goes to the fridge.)
Rachel: What's up Tag?
Chandler: The triplets are coming over here today and I have to tell them that I'm going away for a couple weeks.
Joey: (entering) Okay, I gotta go. Bye-bye. (He goes out the door and sits down on the bed.) 
Ross: What?
Joey: Ross, why aren't you dressed yet?
Ross: So I guess I wasn't invited to dinner tonight.
Joey: What?
Ross: I forgot my shoes.
Joey: Oh, aww, I was also supposed to be serving some buffalo wings. 
Ross: Hey, you know what you should do, you should take a walk.
Joey: I wanna go, but I can't because I have a girlfriend!
Ross: When I told her that I was going out with Rachel, she was really supportive.
Joey: Yeah! I guess you're the first one.
Ross: Hey, y'know who else has really great shoes?
Joey: Uhh, I did! I went all over the place to get shoes, and Rachel made me wear boots that looked like they might actually hit something.
Ross: Ohh that's so sweet....
Joey: But Rachel didn't know it was coming.
Ross: She did, and she didn't know it was coming.
Joey: Hey, hey c'mon you guys, this is a first. Let me help you with the dress.
Chandler: Oh, okay.
Ross: Yeah, I'm gonna go inside and help you get dressed.
Joey: All right.
Ross: Yeah.
Joey: Okay.
Ross: I'm gonna go up to your place and try to convince you that you're not jokin'. (He goes into the bedroom and enters with a bucket full of chicken.) Chicken potpourri.
Joey: Okay, you do it. (To Ross) You're wearing a chicken dress, aren't ya?
Ross: I think so.
Joey: (To Chandler) Dude, I'm sorry, you're cold.
Chandler: (To Joey) And you're hungry too.
Ross: Eh, yeah.
Joey: (To Chandler) You wanna go inside and try to get a better look at what's amiss with my shoes?
Chandler: Uhm, shoes?
Joey: And you're hungry too?
Chandler: Thanks.
Joey: (He tries to put a finger on Ross's shoe which cramp) Stop it!
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: Hey Phoebe, listen you guys it's time to get your head around this wedding I'm having on Valentine's Day, how you doin’? (Phoebe gives her a dirty look.)
Phoebe: (going over to Rachel) Rachel, good
