Monica: That was definitely a little overdone.
Chandler: Heard about it on the Q&A!
Monica: You're on!
Chandler: They're not making fun of me, they're insulting me.
Monica: Oh My God!
Chandler: Yeah, no I'm not! I'm not! I'm not! I'm not!
Monica: Look honey, nobody likes having their cake and eat it too, but it's also a very healthy one! So, using the example of my cake, okay, if I wanna eat it, you (Chandler) and I could (He looks at her) (To Monica) But not without your permission?
Chandler: I will try to have it ready for you by Monday.
Monica: Who says you have to eat it?
Chandler: I don't know.
Monica: But if I do, I want it in a picture.
Chandler: Okay. (Checks the cake) Look! This is beautiful! (Hugs it) And-and-and-and-and-and-and it's-it's-it's-it's totally ruined! I begged you not to make me do this! I want you to do this!
Monica: You know what? (She holds up the cake) I need you to be gone for a while.
Chandler: Are you serious?
Monica: I need you to be gone for a while.
Chandler: Okay.
Monica: Since when?
Chandler: Since today... I am going to be gone for a while.
Monica: What?
Chandler: Since today... I am going to be alone.
Monica: Please...
Chandler: Please not this.
Monica: This feels really 
  (see video)
Chandler: (to Monica) So I guess you're okay with this? (She looks at his cake and at Monica)
Chandler: (out of shot) Not gonna happen.
 
[Scene: A different spray-on tan center]
Phoebe: (in a sexy voice) Hey, I work here, and I still don't trust the men's 
  shirt.
Joey: (high pitched, wondering what is wrong with it) What?
Phoebe: (again in sexy voice) I said it!
Joey: You didn't say it!
Phoebe: Well, if I had said it, it would've made them buy me something.
Joey: (high pitched, continuing) You just... you know... (realizes what he just said)
Phoebe: What? (his attention is drawn to a painting by the same painter)
Joey: (visibly nervous) Oh!
Phoebe: (Another painterly session begins) THE ART OF DOING OTHER PEOPLE'S TALES!
Joey: (visibly nervous) oh, I did not see that coming!
Phoebe: Well, you know what? It's not that difficult. Just come on, please?
Joey: (visibly nervous) um... ok, fine.
Phoebe: (again in sexy voice) I said it!
Joey: You didn't say it!
Phoebe: Well, if I didn't say it, you wouldn't have said it! And if I do say it, I'm embarrassed! And if I don't say it, you know, I'm embarrassed! (she starts to high pitched, trying to imitate 
  an angry expression, and Joey is angry at her) Again: YOU DON'T MEAN IT!
Joey: Alright, fine. Fine. I'm gonna stop. (he goes and sits down in the
  painted chair) Alright, whoever wants to paint his or her can. But please, just don't put anything on 
  your cake. (he goes and does so)
[Scene: Rachel, entering. Ross, Monica and Chandler are there.]
 
Rachel: You have ruined my breakfast!
Ross: It's not your fault! My friends at work ordered food and I didn't!
  They should have seen it coming!
Chandler: (To Monica) Oh, right! They should've been more shocked!
Ross: They should've been more shocked! I said "It's not your fault!" They're so used to having their cake and everything 
  prepared on the spot!
Monica: We have baked good things.
Ross: Yeah, yeah, you know what I think it is? IT'S MY
