Monica: (noticing him) Okay, I gotta go. (She goes to hug him and he leaves.)
Monica: (to Chandler) You didn't think I was just gonna be gone for a while?
Chandler: I knew you were going.
Monica: Ohh! I know! (She hugs him and they kiss.)
Chandler: So, I'm really gonna miss you!
Monica: You gotta give. (They kiss.)
Chandler: So, what did we do today?
Monica: I got you a new guitar! (She picks up the guitar.) You got a new guitar?
Chandler: Uh-huh.
Monica: So, what's new?
Chandler: Well, I've been thinking about this for a while and I think I'm gonna do it.
Monica: So what?
Chandler: Well, yesterday I just saw Carol and I thought, "Wow! This is a great thing to do!"
Monica: Wow, it's like an old-school bow tie.
Chandler: Yeah, it is.
Monica: Wow. That's really nice.
Chandler: Yeah! Listen, it's just an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and I would like to highlight the work of one of the people nominated for this award. (Ross is sitting next to him.)
Ross: (To Monica) Congratulations!
Monica: You are so wonderful.
Ross: Oh my God. If you could just pick one, who would you pick?
Monica: I'd give (to Ross) Joey. (To Ross) Sarah. (To Sarah) Sarah. (To Ross) Ross. (To Sarah) Monica. (To Ross) Monica. (To Sarah) Monica. (To Ross) Monica.
Ross: (To Monica) Hey! (To Monica) Hey, uh, how's the party?
Sarah: Ohh, it's great! Actually, I kinda feel like I'm missing out on all the amazing stuff.
Ross: (To Monica) Hey, you know what? I told you, I want to spend the whole evening with Sarah.
Monica: Why, why, why, why, why not just her? She's a genius!
Ross: Oh, you're crazy.
Monica: Maybe it's time you made that change.
Ross: (To Rachel) Hey Rach, uh, I just wanted to talk to you about something.
Rachel: Oh, well, of course, hold on a second, hold on a second.
Ross: Really?
Rachel: Yeah, this is great. I mean, this is just gonna be Rachel asking me out.
Ross: Y'know what, I think we're doing this all wrong.
Rachel: I know. I'm sorry, but just because you're single doesn't mean you can't have a life.
Ross: Well, then you should be single.
Rachel: But you haven't been.
Ross: But I mean, you're in the past. You're in the past.
Rachel: So you don't have to think about the future maybe you don't even be married.
Ross: What?
Rachel: So I don't have to think about the past.
Ross: Oh that's great.
Rachel: You know what, I think I'm gonna be doing a manicure.
Ross: Huh. (Puts his head on the cake and pretends to look around.)
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: So, what do you think?
Monica: I think we should just be friends.
Chandler: That's not how friendship is supposed to work.
Monica: It's kind of a bad idea.
Chandler: I'm not suggesting that.
Monica: I just thought that was how friendship works.
Chandler: Well, it turns out to be a lot more complicated than that.
Monica: I mean, you just sort of flip a coin. (Holds up two heads of turquoise found in an old tin tin window.) And there's this really cool silver bracelet that... (Looks into the tin, sees the coin, and holds it in front of the bracelet.)
Chandler: ...is actually silver.
Monica: (looks back at the coin) Oh my God! I lost! (She looks at the coin, which has a goldfish on it) Oh! I didn't win! I didn't get this! Y'know what? Let's just do it again and try again.
Chandler:
