Monica: It's really not that bad?
Joey: It's not that bad. (He stops running and starts kissing her, but she stops running back too)
Chandler: So, how are today's appointments going?
Joey: Good. I had a little talk with Erica today and I understand that that's her wish list.
Monica: So did you go for coffee?
Joey: Yeah, so did she.
Monica: So uh... (He sits down on one knee)
Joey: (To Chandler) What do you need?
Chandler: To get a cookie.
Joey: Sure. Good. (He takes out a cookie and puts it on his knee)
Monica: That was your wish? You think those're the best cookies I've ever had?
Joey: I can't believe it. I haven't even had a cup of coffee in two weeks!
Monica: What wish did you have?
Chandler: To...GET A BREAKFAST!
Monica: What are you doing?
Joey: I was trying to believe that there was a God that didn't exist, but either that or someone in your head was lying.
Monica: (Entering) Hey guys. 
Chandler: Hey! What's going on?
Monica: Well, I was fooling around and that's who I'm pretending to be.
Joey: (To Chandler) So you wish someone in my head was in my head?
Chandler: Well, no. It's not like that.
Joey: (mirroring his own head)No, no. It's like your psychic reading your brain, or doing some other psychic job. I can't believe it!
Phoebe: Hey!
Monica: (To Phoebe) Hey!
Phoebe: Listen, I'm on my way over, and I was just supposed to call you, but I was turned away because I wasn't with my friends because I was...
Monica: Oh my god, Phoebe!
Phoebe: (on the phone) "Hello, this is Phoebe Buffay and you're 210 pages long. (pause) Oh, man, isn't that long! "
Monica: Oh, I know, I'd say, (over intercom) "It's good to meet you".
Phoebe: Okay, I'll take care of it. (she leaves)
Mike: (to Phoebe) You alright here?
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna take off. (she leaves)
Mike: (To Monica) You know, I think I'm just gonna let things go. I'm just not ready for you.
Monica: What?
Mike: (starts laughing) Smell familiar!
Mike: So you're thinking of a gig?
Monica: Yeah, we're thinking of a movie.
Mike: (laughs) I'm not having it!
Monica: (laughs harder) Yeah, I guess.
Mike: (To Phoebe) You know, I feel like I've found the perfect husband and wife...
Phoebe: (interrupts her after a moment) Yeah, you have! But you know what, I think there's got to be something you can do to solidify your faith.
Mike: Okay. Thanks. I think I can do that. (she leaves)
Monica: (To Phoebe) You know, Mike you've been so wonderful. You know how much I adore you and how wonderful this apartment is!
Phoebe: I know, I know I love you!
Monica: (to Phoebe) You know what, I think you should give these two some love. (she kisses them)
Phoebe: You know what, I really do, and I think you should give me. (She kisses him on the cheek)
Monica: You know, that's not enough. You know I love you even more!
Phoebe: Really! I mean, you know what, maybe you should just get married and get a family.
Monica: Oh, I know getting married is the hardest part of my life. I mean, I've already got a wife and two grown children. I can't possibly think of anything better!
Phoebe: But, Mon, you gotta have a job, okay? Getting by this (she puts something in her mouth) is tough.
Monica: But I love Chandler, Phoebe. I love you. (they hug)
Phoebe: You guys sure you wanna hang out?
