Chandler: What about the other day, when I told her I was going on TV, she was really supportive?
Monica: Oh, I'm sorry, it's just a little bit off.
Chandler: Oh, you're okay with it?
Monica: Yeah, we just sort of wander off.
Chandler: Do you ever really need to?
Monica: (getting up from her spot) Umm, come on, I think I've heard all about your whole life, except maybe for this one time when I wanted to kill you.
Chandler: (on tv) No, you can't! You're a monster! And the best thing about this is, you never have to see a naked woman do it!
Monica: (on tv) I'm fine! Okay, alright, so that's it, everybody watches naked women!
Chandler: (on tv) You watch me naked!
Monica: (on tv) Well, it's not a contest! I win $!
Chandler: Why, who am I rooting for?
Monica: (on tv) Oh, you stupid bitch!
Rachel: (on phone) Oh my God, did you get an invitation to the wedding?!
Monica: Yeah, I didn't know that you were gonna be there! That's so weird!
Rachel: (on phone) Oh, you're kidding right? Yeah, it's gonna be really weird.
Monica: (on phone) Yeah, but I told you, it's not weird.
Rachel: (on phone) Yeah, but umm, Joey and Chandler are supposed to be there!
Monica: (on phone) Yeah, it's gonna be okay.
Phoebe: (on phone) Yeah, okay, thanks. (hangs up)
Joey: Hey, hey guys!
Rachel: Hey!
Phoebe: (hangs up) All right, look, I'm gonna be over here all day, okay, talking and talking and talking.
Rachel: Hey, listen, Joey, you never want to talk about this stuff, okay? You're just gonna look stupid! Look, I told you, I'm gonna come by and say good-bye, but I gotta see Joey and tell him how much I think that makes you.
Phoebe: Oh, that's great! Okay, I wanna talk about that with Rachel. (hangs up)
Joey: Hey, hey you know what? I should just tell him. I don't wanna end up like her.
Phoebe: No-no, no, no, no. It's just that uh, it's hard, you know. I mean, she's so much more than just looks on the lips.
Joey: I know, I know! I know, I know! It's like when I was a kid, and there was this place I went to see that had really uh, really creepy looking doors. (pause) So I just kept hoping that something would turn out okay, but it just didn't. And it's kinda what makes my songs so good, you know? (Chandler enters)
Chandler: Okay, great, but why don't we talk about that with Rachel?
Joey: Yeah, I got it! (Chandler leaves)
Ross: Dude, don't worry about it. I-I just wanted some beer!
Rachel: Oh, that's all right.
Ross: Okay, I'm gonna go find Monica.
Rachel: Oh, hey, you guys, we're gonna find Monica.
Joey: Oh, y'know what? I don't have to do this.
Ross: Just try not to be upset, I'm just gonna be one of those guys that's happy to have sex with her face on, like, her thigh.
Joey: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! Whoa-whoa! (starts to stare at them) Including Monica.
Rachel: Hey, y'know what? What?! I've already told the guy that I'm gonna be dating him! What the hell is that?!
Ross: Monica?
Rachel: Yeah, I met her when I was 18, and she was a waitress for the Exxon Valdez oil company.
Monica: (gas up to Ross) We should probably tell her. She hasn't done anything wrong.
Rachel: Oh, I know. You're right, I'm sorry.
Ross: Yeah, I'm sorry too. 'Cause I was in fact 18!
Rachel: Well, I guess you're right.
Ross: Yeah, I guess I'll tell her.
