All: (To Ross) Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Rachel: Hey you guys! Ooh, you are SO beautiful!
All: So are you!
Ross: Oh, I am! I am your friend! And I was thinking about wearing a sequined top, but when I saw you, I knew I shouldy! 
Rachel: (To Monica) What-what is this?
Monica: Well, I was thinking about wearing a sequined top for my anti-pregnancy message. 
Rachel: Eww! I am so fabulous!
Monica: So are you.
Rachel: I am so very cute!
Monica: I cannot wait for your man to kick your ass! (They kiss.) (To Ross and Rachel.) So uh, so what are you doing today? 
Rachel: Well, I was wondering if you wanted to go for something more traditional, like a zucchinis and a skirt that come with it. 
Monica: (laughing) Exactly!
Rachel: (To Monica and Ross) What about us?
Ross: (To Monica) Oh, I think we know what you're going to do.
Rachel: (laughing) You know what? (To Monica and Ross) You go for something more traditional, like a zipper boat! 
Monica: (to Ross) Oh my God, Rachel, you went for a boat!
Rachel: Yeah, I went for a blueberry basket.
Monica: Oh my God, that is so tacky!
Rachel: (laughing) Oh, it is! It's so tacky! (To Monica and Ross) You go for something more traditional, like a thongs in the form of duchess or two. 
Monica: (laughing) You know what? (To Ross) Yeah, I go for something more traditional, like a nun! 
Ross: (To Monica and Ross) You go for something more traditional, like a grandma! 
Monica: Yeah, you go for something more traditional, like a slutty college professor! (Thinks about it.)
Ross: You go for something more traditional, like a slut! 
Monica: (leaving) I do not want to be the girl that got pregnant!
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Hey Rach!
Rachel: Hey Pheebs!
Phoebe: How is this?
Rachel: It's still in the tin... (Phoebe looks at Rachel holding up the tin, and then at her for a moment)
Phoebe: Why do you need to be the girl that gets pregnant?
Rachel: (shocked) What? I-I should have seen it that way.
Phoebe: (shocked too) You didn't you?
Rachel: (laughing) I think I did.
Phoebe: (To Monica) Have you seen it?
Monica: (taking off a tux) If you need a tux, I have you at the moment so you can be with her.
Phoebe: (To Rachel) Hey, you guys.
Rachel: Yeah, we ordered some more tuxes.
Phoebe: And we thought that was it.
Rachel: (To Monica) You know what? You don't order things from me, I will!
Monica: What?
Rachel: Well, I mean, I don't order tuxes from you 'cause I'm too busy being with my unborn child, and you're mom!
Monica: Oh my God! You were so good with Rachel that tux!
Rachel: Well, yeah... I just can't imagine being in a relationship that has you around.
Monica: You're so sweet.
Rachel: (lustily) Can I?
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment, Rachel is on the couch with her head on the floor. Ross is walking towards her friend's ass, wearing a blue sweater and white dress. Amy approaches, wearing a pink dress.]
Rachel: You found me.
Amy: So, did you see what I was wearing?
Rachel: No, we went over to talk to one of your friends.
Amy: So, what do you think?
Rachel: Uhm, did you see what I was wearing?
Amy: No, we went out for a walk.
Rachel: Oh my God! I can't believe this! I'm wearing a tux!
Amy: (In a French manner) Is it made in Bordeaux?
Rachel: Yes, and I believe that the colors are tux and lu.
Amy: (In a more sophisticated) I believe, and I
