Rachel: Ok, what are we gonna do?
Monica: Alright, I mean, we could just take her back to her apartment.
Rachel: Oh, no, no! Cover myself!
Monica: Oh, please, this is a great apartment, and my room has space for us to be together.
Rachel: Oh, I know, I know, I know, but it's too much! I mean, I love this apartment, and I have this great friend who lives here, and then you guys have a lot of feelings for each other, I mean, who else? Who knows what might happen?
Monica: I know, it's weird, but I just can't have them all together! I mean, I mean, I get to have feelings for someone I love.
Rachel: Ahh! Listen, I know that you two really like each other, and we just have to be cool about it.
Monica: You know, I think it's really great that you want to take Rachel back to your apartment.
Rachel: Yeah, and I know that you two really like each other and I want them to have sex with us together, too.
Monica: That's so sweet.
Rachel: (To Monica) So, are we really gonna go with her?
Monica: Yeah, I think we both do. That's why we both did it. That's why we both did it, okay? I wanna hear all the jokes!
Rachel: Well, I'll just have Rachel and our room will be filled with naked chicks!
Monica: I knew that when I saw us playing at the park the other night.
Rachel: Oh, you know, is there any chance that one cute blonde girl is gonna be my roommate?
Monica: Oh, I know, I guess. I just thought it would be fun.
Rachel: Are you kidding me, I mean, it's like, the most romantic night of our lives!
Monica: Chandler, I can't believe you did that!
Rachel: I know, I know, I know, and I'm sorry. I wish I didn't know you better, but you were very sweet and tender and I would like to think that you would be my roommate.
Monica: Really? You'd like me to be your roommate?!
Rachel: Of course you could be my roommate! You're your roommate, I just have to tell you that I'm your roommate... and I love you.
Monica: So you're telling me that I have to be you're roommate?
Rachel: Oh, it's so simple. I have to be... my own... y'know... (she touches her belly) It really should be you.
Monica: Hey, it's you. (they kiss)
Rachel: So, I'm your roommate, and I kind of... I love you.
Monica: That's so sweet. I'm sure you'll be seeing someone there.
Rachel: (angrily) Guess who?
Chandler: (entering, naked) What the hell are doing?!
Joey: I just wanted to check on the situation, ok? You want me to be your roommate, I'll be yours, you're in there with me?
Chandler: (very sensual and very sensual) Yeah, that's what I wanted to check on too, OK?
Joey: So, where are you going?
Chandler: To the shower.
Joey: That's where you want me to be!
Chandler: Eww! That feels like sex!
Joey: Okay, here's where you can put your feet up on the table.
Chandler: Here you go. My God, you're so pretty.
Joey: Really? Like this?
Chandler: (nearly covering her ears and toes) Oh! There you go! (pats him on the butt) Ok, you do that. And you put your feet up (nearly covers his ears and toes)
Joey: (finishing covering his ears and toes) Wh-h-h-hooooooo!
Chandler: I don't know why you guys don't just kiss!
Joey: Oh, that's because I'm hot...
Chandler: (barely covering his head) Some guy's head's got a little too much cake on it.
Monica: (tasting the prepared cake) Oh my God! This is so yummy!
Rachel: Monica, how did you make this?
Monica: I made...
Rachel: Monica, you did not make this!
Monica: I made a chocolate frosting.
Rachel: Monica
