Ben spends the whole afternoon out with his date, Rachel.
Rachel: Oh, really?!
Ben: Yeah! And I noticed last night, Monica, y'know, that he wasn't snoring. (Monica is really used to it.)
Ross: (looking at Ben) Oh, yeah, well this is weird, I mean, you're in love and this is so-so romantic.
Ben: Listen, I was thinking about that.
Ross: Yeah, well, it makes sense, we've been together seven years, y'know. He dated me for seven years.
Ben: So you're still married to me?
Ross: (shocked) Isn't that odd?
Ben: U-U-Wow!
Ross: I know.
Ben: So, uh, what do you do when you have a date, you tell her a lot, she's very interested and then when she's asleep you put you through it.
Ross: (pause) So-so you don't sleep together, you sleep together.
Ben: Then-then I knew it!
Ross: (pause) So tell me about the night we were in bed together, did anything happen?
Ben: Nothing, nothing really, nothing.
Ross: You just snored.
Ben: What?
Ross: That's okay.
Ben: So she woke up with a stain on her carpet.
Ross: What stain?
Ben: Oh! Monica! You came all the way from your rehearsal dinner to put on a show for your performance and you found her naked on the floor! (Monica is shocked and confused) What!?
Monica: It was just like a crime scene! You know, overnight, everything changed.
Ben: (removing a pair of underwear) That's all right.
Ross: Oh! So that's why you had underwear stains all over your performance! Huh? That reminds me, I had underwear stain on rehearsal dinner!
Ben: Yeah, I went up to the rehearsal table and-and I found them.
Ross: What are you gonna do?
Ben: I don't know, I mean I didn't want them on purpose, but uh, so uh, so I just follow the rules.
Monica: Ben, what are the rules?
Ben: I follow the rules.
Monica: I didn't get it. (Ross, still shocked, goes to the bathroom)
Rachel: So, did he uh, had any moles or something?
Ben: Don't worry, I'm fine, I just... (to Ross) I just... I just want you to know I love you.
Ross: What?
Rachel: I love you. I just can't believe this.
Ross: So uh, how do you explain that naked stain on the floor?
Rachel: Well, it's just the two of us. We're together for six months and we're doing this rehearsal dinner thing with him tomorrow and...
Ross: (innocently) What?
Rachel: Oh, Richard is supposed to be naked.
Ross: All right.
Rachel: I mean, just for a rehearsal dinner, you're just naked?
Ross: Naked? You're naked? I'm supposed to be naked?
Rachel: Of course we are.
Ross: Oh, yeah. Well then we've got to get naked together.
Rachel: Yeah, we're friends.
Ross: Well, it's not that easy. I mean, you're friends have principles and deadlines. I mean, your performance is supposed to be like a Broadway play, you know? And you pretend to be a pretty guy by the way. And then the next day you're in a commercial audition and you're never heard from again. And then the next day after you show up at the audition, you're never gonna make it.
Rachel: (exasperated) Thank you, Ross. I mean, I guess you could do worse than be friends with that cruel, incompetent, and unbelievably stupid Ben.
Ross: All right, I think I understand why some people would want to have a threesome with him.
Rachel: I do too.
Ross: Okay, I'm gonna go get it. (He goes to get it, but he's stopped by Monica, who turned him inside out.)
Monica: Ross, he's not coming with us! He doesn't even understand how relationships work!
Ross: Look, I'm with Monica! I mean, I made this commitment clearly, that I'm never gonna have a threesome with anybody I know. I mean, I'm a pretty guy, I'm a big guy, I think there's got to be something there that makes a guy feel that way.

