Rachel: Absolutely, I'm gonna help make this happen.
Joey: Thanks. (She leaves. Rachel looks at him.) I'm gonna go wash up later. (And so she goes over to talk to him.)
Phoebe: Are you okay?
Ross: A little bit, yeah.
Rachel: Wait a minute, wait a minute. What are you talking about?
Ross: Oh, you just gave me your phone. It's your number!
Rachel: No that's not what I was talking about! (Shows her the phone.)
Ross: On the other hand, I uh, I just- I was really worried about you.
Rachel: That's not a problem. (Hangs up the phone.)
Ross: Oh! I'm sorry, that's not what I was talking about! (Hangs up again.)
Ross: Oh wait, wait, wait! You didn't know he was gonna be over here!
Rachel: Oh that's okay, good. I don't really care that much about you okay, because I really care that much about you.
Ross: Well, I'm gonna go get him soon. (To Phoebe) Are you sure?
Phoebe: Yeah. Yeah, I think I'm gonna go.
Ross: (loudly to Phoebe) I'm gonna do it!
Phoebe: Oh my God! (She runs over to him and kisses him passionately.)
Ross: Thank you. I appreciate you doing that.
Phoebe: Oh, I know Ross. He's so sweet.
Ross: Yeah. (He starts to kiss her again but Phoebe stops him.)
Phoebe: So, what're you gonna do?
Ross: Well, I uh, I was thinking....
Phoebe: Okay get over here. (She goes to get her coat but Ross does not move from where she is kissing her.)
Ross: Oh wait, wait, wait, wait! Oh wait, wait, wait! (He gets so close to kissing her but doesn't want to.)
Phoebe: Oh my God, I can't do this! (She goes to get her hair and he quickly kisses her.)
Ross: Oh, I'm sorry Pheebs.
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry.
Ross: Get over it. (She goes to get her gloves but he turns her into the couch and she is now.)
Phoebe: (after they have left) Okay, okay, stop! I'm gonna give you a hard time Ross.
Ross: All right Phoebe, you're not going to tell me what to do! I mean, I was afraid of what you would do with that phone!
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry! I was afraid of what Ross would say!
Ross: You're right, I was afraid of what I would say! I mean, it doesn't matter; it's just not worth the trouble. 
Phoebe: Fine! 
Ross: So what do you say?
Phoebe: I say, I just uh, I just left your name out of the contract.
Ross: I know what you mean. You did not leave your own name out of the contract!
Phoebe: I know.
Ross: Oh, I'm sorry. So you agreed to do this?
Phoebe: I didn't know if you didn't want to tell me! I mean, did you just say that you wanted to talk to me?
Ross: You told me you wanted to talk to me? What about when you were going over to Joey's to buy some pizza?
Phoebe: Of course I knew that! Now, when you go over there to buy your pizza, do you really want to talk to me?
Ross: No, I can't. Of course I can't. Of course I can't! I just don't want to talk to you!
Phoebe: Oh, you don't want to talk to me?!
Ross: No, no, I have a friend who does!
Phoebe: Why don't you just go over there and say what you want to say to me?
Ross: Then you get the pizza, I get the pizza, Joey gets the rice, and Phoebe and I go over there and sit down and try something. Yeah, there's this one girl that I really like, she wants to talk to me, but I just—she just stopped by my place and she said that she didn't want to talk to me. I'm gonna go over there and try something. Yeah, that's great!
Phoebe: I know.
Ross: You should
