Rachel: I know. I know, it's so hard, you know, I gotta get out of this thing. It's so brutal! I gotta get outta here. I gotta get outta the whole stupid MTV movie thing.
Ross: Y'know, we had a good laugh about it, but it doesn't really make any sense.
Rachel: Well, then I'm gonna go back to London.
Ross: What?
Rachel: Oh, I just had my heart broken, but I'm so glad I did.
Ross: Well, then I should go and find someone.
Rachel: You do?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Do you think, then maybe we should go to London, see if we can get plans?
Ross: Yeah, why not?
Rachel: I don't know, it'd be so weird if we didn't.
Ross: I can't believe you did that!
Rachel: Oh, I know! I know. I know, and you've never gone with a director before! You've never gone with a director before!
Ross: Oh, I can't believe I did that!
Rachel: I know, but you had the guts to do it! See, I'm gonna go home and go to London. I'm gonna go to London! And I'm gonna meet the woman who does this, who goes to London, who wants a glass of red.
Ross: London! London! London! How many times?!
Rachel: Why? One? 
Ross: London! London! London!
Rachel: (sleepily) I'll go! London! London!
Ross: I love London! 
Phoebe: (to Monica) And we can go skiing in Vegas!
Monica: (to Phoebe) Look at you with Sarah, are you still together?
Phoebe: Oh, I miss you so much!
Phoebe: Oh, I miss you so much too! (to Monica and Rachel) Who's going to a strip night in Las Vegas?
Monica: What strip night?
Rachel: Eleven bucks for FourFourTwo.
Monica: What about FourFourTwo?
Rachel: Las Vegas is like the Ramada for me!
Monica: Alright, what are you gonna do?
Rachel: I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. I just want to be with you, and I know you're going to be with her.
Monica: Well, that's it. You're breaking up with her.
Rachel: What?!
Monica: What?
Rachel: Oh, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, if you're just gonna be out there all night, you're just endearing?
Monica: Well, so, you know, I guess we should break up.
Rachel: Well, could I ask you a question?
Monica: Sure!
Rachel: Umm, what would you do if I told you that I was moving in with Rachel?
Monica: What?
Rachel: I would kill myself.
Monica: What?
Rachel: I would kill myself.
Monica: Wait, that's terrible. What do you, what do you think you're gonna do if you don't know what you're gonna do?
Rachel: Well, I don't know what I'm gonna do. I mean, I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life, unless it's a lifetime of choices, and I don't know what I'm gonna do with mine.
Monica: So, you're not gonna be a part of a big thing?
Rachel: I guess!
Monica: I guess! When Rachel and I were kids, we had a toy house called the Duck and the Poo. And that's where we would meet the duck and the Poo.
Rachel: All right, look, you guys, uh, you go over there and I'll show you something. (Makes an unusual sound with his foot.)
Phoebe: (entering from her bedroom) I just wanna know, if I'm gonna make contact with my sperm, what part do I really have to look out for.
Rachel: Okay. (Makes an unusual sound with her other shoe.)
Phoebe: I'm sorry, but I'm not looking for a career in fashion.
Rachel: Then, Pheebs, you're out there looking for a career in fashion!
Phoebe: Oh, I know, but I'm not... (Makes an unusual sound again.)
Monica: Okay, I'm gonna go shopping.
Phoebe: Oh, I'm gonna go shopping
