Joshua: Howdy, did I get it?
Phoebe: (entering) Hi, Emily!
Emily: Phoebe, how come you are leaving Beth?
Phoebe: I was thinking I might get back in again; I was hoping for something a little more special. And it doesn’t have a house right now.
Emily: Oh, that’s okay, thanks. We’ll just take it.
Phoebe: That’s fine.
Emily: Good luck!
Phoebe: It’s a house.
Joey: Hey, what’s up?
Chandler: We’re trying to recover from our last night together.
Joey: What?
Chandler: We’re not drunk on each other.
Joey: (to Chandler) Keep doing what you do.
Chandler: Yeah, that’s funny, but no thanks.
Joey: (to Emily) Okay, listen, I’m gonna go grab a bite to eat, so can you get back in?
Emily: No thanks.
Joey: Well if you can’t go back, then I guess you can stay.
Emily: (To Phoebe) Could you stop drinking?
Phoebe: (To Chandler) Did you see what happened to the martini table?
Chandler: In my head.
The Guys: What happened?
Phoebe: I don’t remember. I guess they should put something in it.
The Guys: Would you do that, you know? It’d be nice if we could go back in.
Phoebe: You guys, if you want to go back in, you should. Listen, Emily is not your friend, and she needs help, so just tell me about what happened.
Ross: (To Phoebe) So, what happened?
Phoebe: Well, I-I took her to dinner.
Ross: What dinner?
Phoebe: Dinner was with Monica.
Ross: You were with her?
Phoebe: Well, I was at this dinner and she said that she was sick and tired of being with me. And I said I was sorry and I would do whatever it took to make sure she didn’t say no.
Ross: Hey, you guys. How may I help you?
Monica: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey. You’re not friends with me.
Ross: Well, maybe we should talk.
Phoebe: You’re coming back to dinner again. Maybe I can help you with that.
Monica: What?! You have drinks with strangers all the time.
Ross: Wait a minute, is it okay that I help you guys out? I mean, you have friends all the time.
Monica: What?!
Ross: Yeah. I mean, you guys all hang out at dinner parties and then you make jokes and you hang out with like-like strangers.
Monica: And it’s only because I’m Monica’s maid of honor.
Ross: Monica, I’m not helping you. You’re young, and you’re cute, and it’s just because you’re young that you have drinks with like-like strangers.
Monica: And you’re not helping me. Maybe now it’s like free beers and food deserts and now we’re back to square one.
Ross: (To Phoebe) So how are you doing?
Monica: I’m okay.
Phoebe: What?! What?!
Ross: I know. You’re doing great.
Monica: Well, why don’t we get together and play "Dancing with Joey"?
Ross: (laughing) You owe me.
Monica: Or, you can watch 30 Rock.
Ross: Yeah, I think I’m just gonna hang out. (He and Monica leave.)
Monica: You guys, don’t worry, I found you. I’ll find you soon.
Phoebe: All right, you guys don’t have to find me, because they can’t find me. They have to find me.
Monica: I am so sorry you guys. I, I can’t find Phoebe.
Phoebe: I can’t. I can’t. I can’t. I can’t. I can’t. I can’t. I can’t
