Joey: All right, you wanna make your parents happy, I may be the only one that doesn't.  Monica: Monica, Joey and Phoebe, you're the best parents you've ever had.
Joey: That’s probably enough.
Monica: Okay, you know what, I wanna help Joey make his parents happy.
Joey: Oh, I know, and uh, Monica, I had to tell you none of this is gonna happen so I thought it would be best if we just  go over there and get a cup of coffee.
Monica: Yeah, we already did that.
Joey: That’s okay. (goes over to where Monica and Chandler stand and sits) Monica: (to Chandler) Joey, you just said "I mean..."
Chandler: Yeah, it was my idea.
Monica: You really think so?
Chandler: Yeah. It just meant a lot to me that you were here today, and I look forward to working with you again.
Monica: Thanks!
Chandler: Yeah. And I hope you have a wonderful mother's day. (they hug)
Joey: (to Monica) What happened to your idea?
Chandler: Well, I kinda wanted to tell you last night, 'cause I thought you were gonna be crying all over me.
Joey: Yeah, I know, and I know it made me think that you really care about me, but I really don't.
Chandler: Well, I guess we should go back to our original plan.
Joey: Yeah, and hey, at least we got you a cup of coffee.
Chandler: Well, I guess this plan has got you both closer and closer to my parents.
Joey: We already got coffee.
Chandler: You got coffee?!
Joey: Let's go now!
Chandler: Now, let's go further back!
Phoebe: (joining in) Excuse me?
Excuse me?
Phoebe: There we go.
Phoebe: (To Joey) Here we go.
Joey: Ooh, here we go.
Chandler: And here we go again.
Joey: (to the others) Hey, hey, hey, hey. (they all look at him) I'm sorry. It just seems you have forgotten how much we care about you.
Phoebe: Really? It's hard to know what to say...
Joey: No, I just don't think it's fair to make fun of us.
Phoebe: Fine, say what you want, but you're still my friend. 
Monica: Hey, sweetie, how are you?
Joey: Hm-hmm.
Monica: You know, it can't be easy for us to leave this place. I mean, we've been here twice, we should be able to get a cup of coffee together.
Joey: But we don't get one. Why not?
Monica: Because you're both too busy with your two grown children to have time for that.
Joey: So we're just gonna go?
Monica: If you want, and I don't want you to get there early, we can stay at our place.
Joey: But Phoebe, I have to go now. There's gotta be an early start. (he goes into his room)
Chandler: (in the hallway, with a big bowl he brought) Ooh! There's a jam out of this one! (Chandler doesn't believe him and he leaves)
Monica: (to Rachel) Good morning. 
Rachel: Hi!
Monica: It's no big deal! I just remembered, I brought you tea. How long have we been apart?
Rachel: Why? What?
Monica: I've been waiting for, like five minutes.
Rachel: Ohh, I'm so confused!
Monica: (in an Australian accent) That's because I'm on vacation! I've got a job interview!
Rachel: You don't believe me! I told you I had to wait! (they both stare for a while)
Monica: (in a British accent) I said I had to wait!
Rachel: (simultaneously) I said I had to wait!
Monica: (hysterically) Go! Go! Go go go! (she runs after them)
Rachel: (simultaneously) I said I had to wait!
Monica: (Nervously) I said I had to wait!
Monica: (
