Phoebe: (to Monica) No, I'm fine. I just found out about this tape.
Monica: You found out?
Phoebe: Yeah, Monica and I had this thing. We'd share stuff over the Internet.
Monica: I know what you're thinking.
Phoebe: Yeah, I know what you're thinking. Phoebe, you don't have to do this. I mean, you know, it's free, you just share stuff, and then you find out what the hell the hell is going on and then you try to stop sharing.
Monica: (interrupting) I don't know what you're thinkin'
Phoebe: I don't know what you're thinkin' Phoebe: What?!
Monica: I found out, I was in the oil patch.
Phoebe: (laughing) I don't have time for that.
Monica: Phoebe, you don't have the time to find out what the hell the hell you did!
Phoebe: I do, I have the time to find out what the hell you did!
Monica: Okay, you can go back to your apartment.
Phoebe: (going over to the guy) Hey buddy, how long have you known each other?
Guy: Oh, it's been a couple of hours, uh-huh.
Phoebe: Oh, it's been like this since we last hung out. (She notices something hanging from Monica’s pants.) What is that?
Guy: (checking his watch) Eight o’clock.
Monica: (To Phoebe) Well, I think you're forgetting something. (Tour guide walks up.)
Phoebe: (seeing the assistant) Hey!
Monica: This is the place Phoebe told me you were going to.
Tom: Hi!
Phoebe: So, what are you gonna do?
Tom: I think I'm gonna go back and have dinner with you, but I have plans with Joey.
Phoebe: Oh, for two! Wow! That's good, I had a toast!
Tom: Yeah, but I did not get to hear about it. (To Monica) That's terrible!
Monica: I'll have dinner with you! I'll have dinner with you! (She storms off.)
Phoebe: (To Rachel) So did the tape make it into your planned itinerary?
Rachel: Oh, I don't know. But, I did find something to do in the fall semester.
Phoebe: I think you did.
Rachel: Oh! My God! I did!
Phoebe: Oh my God!!
Rachel: Oh my God! Wait! Phoebe, wait just a minute! (Closes the door on her side of the room.) Oh that's all right, I guess we have a little talk.
Phoebe: Rachel, you have the auditions coming up on Saturday.
Rachel: Ohh, okay, okay, but what are you going to tell them?
Phoebe: I don’t know. But, I can't be mad at Ross.
Rachel: All right, okay, you're gonna have to tell them. They suck! I mean, you-you can't just tell the truth. (Goes to tape) I did, I did. (Goes to tape) And-and what would they want?
Phoebe: Umm, I have a question. You know that I had a really well thought out plan for the weekend.
Rachel: Okay fine! All I'm gonna ask you is, did you ever see that guy on the news?
Phoebe: No.
Rachel: Oh that's him! That's him! That's the guy! I mean, that's why I didn't go to camp, that's why I wasn't in this ministry, that's why I didn't go to church, that's why I didn't kiss a guy on Sunday, that's why I didn't go to China, and that's why I broke up, and that's why I hung myself.
Phoebe: People say they want "the cute guy." Well, can't you just be the cute guy? I mean, how could you not want me to go to camp?!
Rachel: Yeah! Okay, fine! You can tell me anything. I don't have to tell you everything. You just have to give me your number.
Phoebe: (pause) Okay, fine! I'll tell you what. Okay? I went out with a guy who is never gonna go out with you again, and he
