Joey: (To Rachel) This is funny! (To Phoebe) This is so funny! (To Joey) I'm gonna be crazy... I mean, I have to start dating again!
Phoebe: Don't worry, it's not going to happen. Just because you're back in a country doesn't mean you can't have a date.
Joey: Ah, so what, you think? (To Rachel) I don't date, I date, I date. This is really not fair.
Phoebe: All right, what's fair is that I date, ok? I like you, and you like me. And you want to have a baby, I think that...
Joey: You're right, I'm fair.
Phoebe: I think it's fair. I just don't think that our dates can be...
Joey: Ok, I'll have you know that I'm not an idiot. Years of experience shows that uhm, some date is not an impossible thing. Years and years of experience shows that when it's Rachel...
Rachel: (Yelling at Joey) Ok, enough with the "you're not even Irish enough" and "you suck" and "You suck at a fight" and "You suck at a fight" and "You suck at a fight" and "You suck at a fight" and "You suck at a fight" and "You suck too" and "You suck at a fight" and "You suck at a fight" and "You suck at a fight" and "You suck at a fight" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" (to Joey) You suck!
Joey: (Yelling at Rachel) Ok, enough with the "you're not even Irish enough" and "you suck at a fight" and "you suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" and "You suck too" (to Joey) You suck!
Joey: (clearly and angrily mocking Rachel and throwing some drinks after Rachel) You've got it all. 
Rachel: Ok, so I just finished one of your pancakes. Uhm, aside? I... I didn't put the sugar in the butter.
Joey: Ooh! There's got to be a way, uhm, if he reaches his full potential.
Rachel: Not if he chases after girls through the rolled up cheese casserole.
Joey: (sarcastically) I can't believe he did that!
Rachel: Well, if you think it'll make him stay with you, then you're wrong.
Joey: But you should warn her.
Rachel: (sarcastic) But you should warn her?
Joey: What? (his smile fades as he thinks about it)
Rachel: Oh! You obviously just found a new theme here. I bet she's gonna be smarmy for your phone.
Joey: Oh, I know how to... (he picks up a ring on the table)
Rachel: Oh, nice!
Joey: Yeah! It's... HUGE!
Rachel: Okay!
Joey: And it's GORGEOUS!
Rachel: Joey, do you think you can beat him?
Joey: Uh-huh! But I just don't think you have the energy.
Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry. Joey, if you want to do this, you should. You know how hard it is. I mean, you know you can't just get out of a fight.
Joey: But I don't think beating him is too hard. I just think he's so wild about it, he's crazy about girls, he's crazy about himself, and he's wild about girls.
Rachel: I don't think that's what I'm saying!
Joey: Alright, alright, so I beat you, and you don't beat me, and you keep going after me like crazy, and I keep having doubts and fears about whether I'm really there, because I'm not, because I don't love you, but you keep going after me like this... I can't believe it, I can't believe it! I mean, I've been on this train of thought here for over a month and a half, and I've kept
