Joey: Oh hey, if you guys can't make it, we can at least pretend it didn't happen.
Phoebe: So what did happen?
Joey: Well, we were at the game, and this guy overheard us and he decided it was really sweet...
Phoebe: But Joey, he's a slut!!
Joey: (To Ross) Hey, you're both gonna be so me.. (points at his crotch) You know what? (he starts to get worked up)
Ross: What?
Joey: All right, well, how about this: We're gonna go out again sometime, so we can go someplace else.
Ross: And that way we're not slutshaming the players!
Phoebe: Hey, you're not! We're serious!
Chandler: Yeah, we're serious!
Janice: Hey Phoebe!
Phoebe: How'd it go?!
Janice: Uh-oh.
Phoebe: Oh well, it's great! I mean, we've been doing this for six months, and now she comes out to me with a new boyfriend!
Janice: Oh, I don't get it. He's just crazy about her!
Phoebe: Oh, okay, so then how come you guys don't give you guys tips?
Janice: Oh, I guess I've been following these guys for a long time, and I know exactly what they say to each other, except for once...
Phoebe: (yelling) Dah!! (they all leave)
Chandler: (to Ross) So what did happen?
Ross: Uhh, we went out for two nights, we drank a gallon of milk, and by the time we got back to the hotel (he takes his mug of milk and leaves)
Joey: (to Chandler) Thanks for the advice Phoebe.
Ross: Yeah, I guess it was our fault.
Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Ross: (To Chandler) Hey, hey! (he leaves, and Chandler follows him)
Janice: (yelling after him) He's crazy about her!
Ross: He's crazy about her! I mean, she doesn't expect him to date her!
Janice: Ooh! He's got a girlfriend!
Chandler: I know! And he's a regular at the New York restaurant Buffay.
Joey: Yeah, I guess he's pretty up for her.
Chandler: Honey, you're cold, you have a window that much too wide!
Joey: Yeah, I'm just trying to be nice! I mean, maybe that's it.
Chandler: Look, it's not the face of cool.
Mr. Heckles: (to Chandler) I think we're ready for lunch.
Janice: (entering) My friend Chandler's having lunch with Mr. Heckles.
Chandler: And you're having lunch with Mr. Heckles?!
Janice: Mr. Heckles…
Chandler: (To Mr. Heckles) Well, I can't date you. You're a complete stranger! You're totally inappropriate, and I hate you!
Janice: Oh, you are totally inappropriate. (Mr. Heckles stares at her) I'm still a bit angry at you.
Chandler: And I will be a bit more gentle with you if you don't follow my lead.
Janice: (walks on) I'm still a bit angry at you. (Chandler follows her) I'm pretty sure you followed my lead.
Chandler: Would you like some privacy?
Janice: Oh, Chandler, why would you do that? I'm dating a guy that I hate!
Chandler: I hate him?
Janice: Not at all! He's nice, he's funny, he's not got any skin on his body.
Chandler: Oh yeah, well you just get that from someone that I hate.
Janice: (goes to the door) You're on your own?
Chandler: No, no I'm on my own!
Janice: (to Gunther) I'm on my own?
Chandler: You are on your own?
Janice: (to Gunther) I'm on my own?
Chandler: Well, we have a deal, and I want you to kiss me, okay?
Janice: Okay.
Chandler: Okay.
Phoebe: (To Chandler) You don't kiss a guy that I hate, that's not gonna get
