Charlie: Care to venture a guess? (She does so and the 7 of them are shocked to hear the rest on the box.) 
Ross: (entering) Hey!
Charlie: Hey!
Ross: Oh, I was just in Central Park, enjoying a hot dog with chicken legs. 
Charlie: Oh, I heard that! That's such a lame excuse!
Ross: Y'know what, I think I'm okay here. I'm just gonna go see a doctor.
Charlie: Oh, it’s so unfair that you paid for this trip!
Ross: (pause) So, what do you say, I should mention that I am going to see a doctor?
Charlie: I can't believe that you spent so much money on my trip!
Ross: Yeah, you should really be going to a doctor! You know how much you spent on this trip!
Charlie: I really should.
Ross: Really! So, what do you say, spend your money on my trip and not spend it on my trip!
Charlie: That's not the case.
Ross: I know. (She goes look for his card, which is under the couch.)
Charlie: I found it. (She grabs it and proceeds to kiss him on the cheek.)
Chandler: Y'know, I should go. I'm just bummed that somebody thinks I'm this bum-fucked up little girl.
Monica: (to Charlie) Sometimes I'm so attracted to cute guys that they make me feel bad.
Chandler: Yeah, I'm sorry that I did that.
Monica: But it is not your fault that I'm not into this kind of stuff.
Chandler: Oh, hey, don't worry about it. I-I know how much this means to you and I want you to have the best trip ever!
Monica: I know.
Chandler: So you're not gonna try?
Monica: What?
Chandler: No.
Monica: What? Why?
Chandler: Because I'm in love with you!
Monica: Oh my God!
Chandler: This is so great! I mean, this is so like a real relationship trip! This is, you know, this is like uh, like gal dresne.
Monica: Gal gal dresne? 
Chandler: Yeah, this is like the third time I've told you I'm in love with you. (Phoebe and Monica listen on.)
Monica: And I just realized, we were only going on this three times. I'm telling you, this is the longest I've ever spent on a trip. I don't even have a teddy bear!
Chandler: Yeah, I know. I'm sorry.
Monica: So-so where did you even find that?
Chandler: Uh, I just forgot about you.
Rachel: Hi.
Rachel: How are you?
Rachel: Oh, okay.
Monica: So we had this great time.
Rachel: Yeah?
Monica: Yes.
Rachel: Do you wanna go out and have a cup of coffee sometime?
Monica: I'd love to! (If so, she nods.)
Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Oh, you're with Ross?
Rachel: Yeah.
Phoebe: I thought maybe you were dating Ross.
Rachel: Yeah?
Phoebe: Yeah.
Rachel: So did Ross just say hello to you tonight?
Phoebe: Yeah, and we were just goofing around and Ross just happened to bring Emma home from work.
Rachel: Was he? You never told him?
Phoebe: Well, he was a little bit older than I am, but he said hello to me.
Rachel: Oh, Joey!
Joey: (To Rachel) Hey.
Rachel: Joey! Hey, what're you doing with my apartment?
Joey: We got you a surprise.
Rachel: What?
Joey: So what's this? (He opens the apartment door.)
Rachel: A surprise.
Joey: Oh-oh.
Rachel: Oh.
Joey: And this? (He stands up.)
Rachel: And-and this? (He crouches down.)
Joey: That-that's it. You have the room.
Rachel: And the dress?
Joey: No. But, I have the stuff.
Rachel: What? You made it up!
Joey: You did?
Rachel: I did, but—Hey, hey, hey—I-I-I need to talk
