All: Ohh, thanks!
Rachel: (entering) Hi!
All: Everybody!
Rachel: Uhh, Rachel I want to thank you for coming.
All: For coming.
Rachel: For being so nice to me.
Ross: Ohh, yeah. (He sits down on the bed) Okay, bye. (To Rachel) And hey, listen, if you guys all have time to live together, well so too do I!
Rachel: All right, you can stay. I just really wanna spend some time with my new boyfriend, Pheebs.
Phoebe: That is a good one! (She kisses him on the cheek)
Rachel: Okay, see ya! (Exits)
Joey: (To Phoebe) Oh, hi, hey, how you doin’? (Pries on his lip)
Phoebe: (Laughs) Oh, that’s not funny. This is like um, a fight. I think I’m the last one here.
Joey: Yeah, yeah, you’re right, I think I’m the last one here. I mean you-you should get a lawyer. He can defend himself.
Phoebe: Yeah, you are right, I think he should get a lawyer.
Joey: That’s the one in my cheap fight.
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: Yeah, I really like that, don’t I?
Joey: You told him to go to the gym.
Phoebe: Yeah, I did.
Joey: Yeah, and I also told your father.
Phoebe: He’s right! I don’t think you could ever do that to Ross.
Joey: Yeah, I know, I just always wanted to be with him. I mean I know doctors, I know, I know I was supposed to be with Ross but I just can’t bear to miss this anymore. I’m gonna go to the hospital because I’m sick.
Rachel: Do you want to go to the hospital?
Phoebe: Oh, yeah I do!
Ross: (To Joey) Hey! I was just gonna ask you something!
Joey: Uh, oh, do you wanna go to the gym?
Ross: Oh yeah, I’m not doing that.
Joey: No, you’re not. I mean… (To Rachel) What? You’re not puttin’ out there by any chance you’re invited to the gym?
Rachel: Oh, I can’t believe I did that to you.
Ross: I’m honoured that you were there.
Rachel: Well, then it was, but I’ve got to work.
Ross: Seriously?
Rachel: Well, I’m not gonna go out there by any chance.
Ross: What? How?
Rachel: I just think it’s nice that you’re doing this for me.
Ross: Why would you do this?
Rachel: Because I want you to succeed.
Ross: All right, I’m not gonna go out of there by any chance. I mean, it’s—(Exits)—I have to do this. I mean, I’m not gonna let you guys know.
Ross: Come on! What am I supposed to do to make that happen?
Rachel: Well, you have to tell him and I can’t tell him, okay? It’s a part of me to entertain my boyfriend.
Ross: Okay, that’s it. I’m done. I’m over you!
Rachel: What? My, my, my Rachel. I mean, it’s like my first time boyfriend.
Ross: There’s no way!
Rachel: What? Then why do you want to have a, I’m not doing a, (In a sexy voice) my Rachel?
Ross: Ah, let’s go sweetie. (They both leave.)
Chandler: (entering, with an envelope) Hey!
Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Rachel: So, I’m okay with Rachel, and I thought we all agreed that this was gonna be one fun night.
Ross: What?! What’s going on?
Rachel: Well, I’m not happy about Rachel.
Ross: Uh-huh, I’m not happy about Ross.
Rachel: Oh, I see what you
