Monica: Yeah, that's what it is.
Phoebe: I knew I would be regretting that part.
Monica: Me too.
Phoebe: Yes? Well, only if it means you'll never have sex with me.
Monica: Really, what do you mean?
Phoebe: Well, kinda. It doesn't really mean that much, y'know? You just sort of get more comfortable with women.
Joey: (To Phoebe) Hey, look I know, this place is really great, but uh, is there a better place to go?
Phoebe: Yeah, I mean, you go to a fancy restaurant and you eat ‘em.
Joey: Fine. But it's better than uh, a... (he gets up to leave)
Chandler: (entering) Hey guys! Hey, it’s Chandler! He’s here!
Phoebe: Hi, Chandler!
Chandler: Hey!
Phoebe: (To Monica) Hey, how’s it goin’?
Monica: Oh, it’s great! Monica, listen, I feel like I can come by and you can stay over and have me stay at your place.
Chandler: Okay! (he leaves and Phoebe emerges) How you doin’?
Phoebe: (to Monica) And I hear you said the best way to stay over is with me. (she comes out and is joined by Joey and Chandler)
Joey: Hey, hey! Ooh, you guys are great!
Chandler: Hey, guys!
Ross: Hey, you got a minute?
Joey: Yeah, maybe an hour, guys?
Chandler: (to Joey) I’m with you guys.
Joey: Yeah, I’ll stay with you guys.
Ross: (to Chandler) We-we talked about uh, the turkey last night, so uh, I’m just gonna stay over and you guys can eat it.
Chandler: Yeah, look, no, I understand, I may be in an area where food is not my first preference, but still, I’m really glad you guys decided to keep the turkey.
Ross: Yeah, I guess. (he picks it up) And uh, and listen, I know this is hard, but I just feel that, y’know, I just keep thinking about the plate that it’s on, y’know, and that’s not a good way to spend one's time.
Chandler: You're right, you are right, I’m sorry. (walks away)
Joey: (while he picks up the turkey) Hey, buddy! A rack of this stuff is $34.95, but I’m going to eat it. (walks away too)
Chandler: (to Ross) You have to bring someone.
Ross: I have to meet you at the station.
Chandler: Oh, great!
Joey: Oh, look, I think I’m gonna get this one.
Ross: Oh, I know, this is a gift!
Joey: I knew it! (he picks it up) Look, I think this is a little weird, but I think it’s gonna go in the other way too. (to Chandler) My friend got you a gift!
Chandler: Oh, I thought it was $34.
Rachel: Hi.
Ross: Hey, guys, so what do you think college is gonna be like?
Rachel: Oh, I don’t know. I mean, I have a Ph.D. I work part-time.
Ross: Yeah, I guess. But you know, I mean think about the other people you’re going to, and think about the isolation, and think about the isolation, about the isolation, about the isolation, about the isolation.
Rachel: (pause) I know. (Ross looks at her) I mean, I know, it’s fun, but I think what you just said is, I think what I just said...
Rachel: I think it’s fun?
Ross: No, it’s different. Listen, I don’t know what to say. I don’t think that, you know, 'fun' means 'too hard'.
Rachel: Well, maybe I should have said, 'too hard'.
Ross: Yeah, maybe you should have said...
Ross: 'I have a gift. I can’t
