Rachel: Hi.
Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Oh hi, I'm Ross Geller, and this is Rachel Karen Green.
Ross: Oh actually I know this name, and...
Rachel: Umm, Rachel Karen Green, isn't she?
Ross: Yeah, is that why she's been going out with you guys? (Kisses her fist.)
Rachel: Oh yeah, no, that's all I know, I'm just like you guys, I'm like, I'm in love with Olivia. You know, I mean, I know what I'm doing Olivia, right?
Ross: Get out of my way, I'm not doing anything here.
Rachel: What?
Ross: Olivia, you are going to talk to her, okay?
Rachel: What?
Ross: Olivia, I would like to talk to you about something.
Rachel: Fine, you can't.
Ross: But I would also like to talk to you about something.
Rachel: Ross, this is your apartment.
Ross: No, but that's what I thought you told me.
Rachel: Fine, I'll stay. (Hands her back to Ross.)
Ross: Fine, but that's what I would really like.
Rachel: Ross.
Ross: So, what do you, what do you mean by that?
Rachel: Fine, I'll talk to you later.
Ross: Okay, bye-bye.
Rachel: All right.
Ross: Bye-bye.
Rachel: All right.
Elizabeth: Rachel! Rachel, why do you need to talk to you?
Rachel: Because I care about you!
Elizabeth: Yes! I care about you! I love you! I would do anything to have you! I would do anything to have you!
Rachel: I love you too! I would do anything to have you! I would do anything to have you!
Ross: You know, I think it would be best if we just talk about nothing but the baby coming.
Rachel: Why not?
Ross: Because it's just baby begging.
Rachel: No, that's not it, baby begging. What's that?
Ross: Okay, it's just that I don't want to have a little baby coming…
Rachel: Rachel, Elizabeth, you, you need to talk to Rachel.
Ross: Okay, okay, I think it's time for me to talk to you.
Rachel: Let's do that.
Ross: All right, all right.
Elizabeth: I love you. I love you.
Ross: You know it's just a baby begging thing.
Elizabeth: Yes! Olivia, you are, you are, you are going through a baby store right now.
Ross: I have nothing to say to you about, about this baby begging thing, I have everything to say to you.
Elizabeth: I think this is a great idea.
Ross: Absolutely. Olivia, you are going to be so happy with her!
Elizabeth: You are?
Ross: Yeah, I have never been happier.
Elizabeth: You know what? I think I may be able to. I think I may even be able to.
Ross: You're going through a baby store?
Elizabeth: Yeah, it's beautiful. Olivia, you spent some great money.
Ross: Olivia, you spent everything?
Olivia: That was very sweet. And you know what? While you're at the counter, I put some coats on her, and she loves them!
Ross: How did that happen?
Olivia: I just started saving and I was thinking about how I paid for everything.
Ross: You're wrong. I am only gonna spend so much on this stuff.
Olivia: No, no, no. No, actually, I am spending more on what I don't need.
Ross: That is so sweet.
Olivia: You're right, I'm sorry. (She gets up and walks off.)
Ross: Olivia, you don't have to go through this again.
Olivia: What?
Ross: No, I think it would be best if we just keep talking.
Rachel: (To Monica) Hey, is Monica gonna be home any time soon?
Monica: Yeah!
Rachel: Ugh, this morning I was telling myself it was just a game. I was just telling myself it was just a game.
Monica: But it was a game!
Rachel: I know, I know, but what did I just say?
Monica: I don't know.
Rachel: But it was just a game, you know.
Monica: No, it was a game!
Ross: Uh-
