Rachel: Okay! Okay! Okay! Okay! (She mimes putting her head on a pillow.) (Chandler looks interested.) Oh wait, stop!
Rachel: Oh honey, no-no-no! No, no!
Chandler: Monica’s only done this once!
Rachel: Phoebe, you can do this! You’re gonna make it so easy for me to break up with you! Oh, I knew that! Phoebe, you’re obsessed with Monica! Phoebe, when are we gonna get to break up with you?!
Phoebe: We’re not even, okay?
Rachel: Phoebe, I’m not even getting out of it! I’m-I’m-I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
Phoebe: Oh Pheebs, please! I’m sorry. I guess I’m not gonna break up with you.
Rachel: Well hey! Wh-wh-wh-what’s going on?!
Phoebe: (To Monica and Rachel) Okay, you’re with me, you’re with me. Uh, I’ve been through so much, so it’s really not my fault.
Monica: I know. I know. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. It’s not my fault, it’s Phoebe.
Rachel: Phoebe, it’s Phoebe!
Phoebe: No, I mean it! I mean, looking back it all feels so right. I just can’t have a relationship with someone who’s been through so much! And I don’t know if I could do it with someone with such maturity, with a healthy break-up.
Monica: Well, as someone who’s been through so much with just plain 'cause I just made that too easy, I figured it out. I mean, there’s no way I would do it with someone who’s been through so much with just plain 'cause I just made that too easy. No, I mean you ran into me once, and I just kept thinking, 'Who am I gonna marry? Jill.'
Rachel: Oh, I know, I know you did.
Monica: What do you mean?
Rachel: Well, it’s hard, you know, even though we’re having a baby, it’s hard to have the same things that you have. Y’know? You have that-that you get from nature, and y’know when I was growing up, I never got that y’know seed from you.
Monica: You get a seed from nature?
Rachel: (laughs) I get a seed from nature.
Monica: You got a seed from nature!
Rachel: Well, y’know what, I should have looked into it first, because I just got the idea that you were gonna break up with me through some other means.
Monica: Oh, honey, you’re right! I mean, uh-huh, you’re right, I’m sorry. I just have such a hard time with things now.
Rachel: No it’s not my fault. I mean, it’s Phoebe too, but y’know, I don’t know, I don’t know what to say. I mean, I guess I could have been a mom or a dad or somebody who took a pregnancy to the next level.
Monica: There is no such thing as a "easy" answer.
Rachel: Oh, that’s right. You were born with a uterus that was "easy".
Monica: I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I thought you were doing all this for me, trying to make me feel better, but you were trying to do the exact opposite. Y’know? You were trying to make me like you.
Rachel: Really?
Monica: Yeah.
Rachel: And there was nothing you could do about it, because plus, I-I mean, I had a uterus, so I could never have to have to do anything to make you like like feel better about yourself.
Monica: Well, I guess it could be better.
Rachel: Yeah. So, you were trying to make me feel better, and now you're trying to make me like you.
Monica: I don’t think it could be worse. I mean
