Monica: Well, if someone gave you a kidney, would you call that a kidney?
Rachel: I would, but I don't have one!
Monica: Well, if you wanted to, you could always get a kidney from a nice kidney stone donor.
Rachel: (sarcastic) But we don't need nice stones, we just need the right kind!
Monica: So, what kind?
Rachel: Ooh! We have the Nobel Prize!
Monica: And we want to get to know if you'd like to get to know Cecilia.
Rachel: (laughing) Oh, I'm sorry. I just got so excited for you two.
Monica: I know! I keep thinking about you all day, thinking about how you're not gonna call me that.
Rachel: You're not just talking about me.
Monica: Oh, you're so funny! I had a dream this morning where I said this line, and I'm sitting in the chair, and all I wanna do is to look good and sexy again.
Rachel: (laughing) That's funny!
Monica: That's funny, isn't it?
Rachel: (yelling at the top of her voice) Oh my God! That's the funniest thing that's ever happened to you! (Chandler enters)
Chandler: Hey!
Rachel: Hey! Oh my God! That's Monica doing that sexy sexy voice she's singing!
Chandler: You know when I first heard the word sexy, I didn't know what I was getting myself into. I was looking forward to the night, and when I turned around he was already gone.
Rachel: Ohh, Chappy! You have no idea what a sexy voice is.
Chandler: It's Dr. Geller. (He starts to cry)
Rachel: Oh, I can't believe you're here.
Chandler: Please, just out of curiosity, why are you wearing so much lipstick?
Rachel: (looks around) I haven't lipstick in seven years!
Chandler: Look, I thought this was just some crazy husband and wife. I should know. I... I mean, I know I always wanted a big, fancy wedding, and this was... well, I mean, it was a big party.
Rachel: Yess! I thought you were the queen!
Chandler: I knew you were the queen.
Rachel: Well, no, I was not the queen. My music's just been done! By a guy!
Chandler: You have no idea what a fancy, rich, successful woman is.
Rachel: (shocked) You are?
Chandler: Well, I should get a fancy party for having a bunch of ideas!
Rachel: Ok, ok, you have no idea what a rich, successful woman is. Ok, you have no idea what a beautiful woman is.
Chandler: You are so talented!
Rachel: Really?
Chandler: Yeah! I mean, you look like you know you're in a movie, but you can see your hands. (she has a tattoo on her arm)
Rachel: (laughing) Mmm.
Chandler: You have no idea what a beautiful woman is.
Rachel: Oh, I know! I wear dresses and things, but I don't care about other people! (they hug)
Chandler: So, what do you think of Cecilia's new engagement book?
Rachel: Well, I think it's great! I mean, it's so organized... you know? With pretty things to wear and you don't have to really be engaged to wear them.
Chandler: Well, I think it's nice because you don't have to be engaged to have your own veil!
Rachel: (looking very carefully) I know!
Chandler: You do?
Rachel: Yeah, I think I'm gonna have a little bit of fun. I mean, I have no regrets about what I did, I'm not gonna regret it.
Chandler: So you're okay with it?
Rachel: No, I'm okay with it. (they look at each other and then look at the tattoo)
Monica: (looking at the word tattoo) Wow, you have it all!
Chandler: Yeah, I guess.
Phoebe: (looking at the page) Wow, you have it all!
Chandler: You know, I wish I had some more time to think about it, you know? I mean, there's this thing I really, really want to do, and I know that I have this really great friend (
