Joey: Ok, well this is fun. Let's play some real games.
Phoebe: (laughs) Ok, so we're playing the same numbers twice and the same rules. (she puts her hand on the dice)
Joey: (looking at the dice) Damnit! (he flips the dice) Damnit! (he puts the pen to the die and it flips the die.)
Ross: Okay, who goes first?
Rachel: Ok, ok, ok, who goes first?
Joey: Who cares? You picked who!
Ross: You got her.
Joey: Yes I did, she got me.
Ross: Good for you! (they hug)
Rachel: Good night.
Joey: (To Rachel) Well, I hope you didn't get her, 'cause she's a very, very beautiful girl.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, well, yeah, I bet she's gonna go for someone, uh... a... (she picks up the pen) Oh my, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god (the woman who'd pictured her picks it up.) It's her. It's her. (the woman then grabs the pen and turns away, but Joey follows her.) So, you going first?
Joey: Uh, I really don't know what this is about. I don't know what this is about.
Rachel: You got the money.
Joey: Uh, yeah, I did. (he pulls the money out of the box, which she opened and handed to him) So it's not about the money.
Rachel: Really?
Joey: Yeah, I mean, sure, of course youre gonna get her, you're got a whole wardrobe to go and you should probably dress up in a thousand bucks, but uh... (he leaves the box and enters a room)
Rachel: Hey, you know what, you're not supposed to leave these guys.
Phoebe: Hey! Hey, guys! (she takes off a ring)
Rachel: Ok, you don't have to go there anymore!
Phoebe: What ring did you get?
Rachel: The one I'm wearing!
Phoebe: You got the ring you got the engagement ring?
Rachel: No I didn't, I got the ring I got the ring! (she shows the ring to Monica)
Monica: You got the ring?
Rachel: Yes, of course, I did, of course, of course, we got the ring!
Monica: Congratulations! That's great!
Rachel: I know! You're such a great friend! I wanted her to think I was the guy who lost her husband, but she's made her decision! I'm gonna go to him! I'm gonna get him!
Monica: That's great! You're such a sweet, kind, caring guy!
Rachel: (betrayes her) What? Really?
Monica: Oh, you're right, I was just thinking about how he lost his job, and I wanted you to be supportive.
Rachel: Oh, yeah, we're gonna be very supportive. (they kiss)
Monica: You too.
Rachel: Ok, missy! (to Phoebe and Rachel) You're really on my team! And you made today a day!
Phoebe: Wow! You look so happy!
Chandler: I'm so happy too. (they hug)
Rachel: So, it's either that we get married or we get engaged.
Monica: What? I can't decide! I have this date tomorrow and I have to be at work by 4 o'clock, so I have to decide what I'm gonna do.
Chandler: I can't decide! It's terrible! It's terrible! It's terrible!
Rachel: I'm gonna do it! It's terrible!
Monica: Alright, still terrible?
Rachel: Still terrible?
Monica: Alright, it's gonna be OK. I mean, it's gonna be really awkward, but it's gonna be worth it. I mean it's gotta be something, y'know? You know, like a big, big thing. Like I touched her arm, or-or-or-or-or I'm gonna get a little hair on her finger, or...
Rachel: (pause) Okay, okay, it's gotta be something. And it's gonna be really awkward, but it's gonna be worth it. And he's so sweet and gentle. I'm sorry, honey. I love him. I love him. He's so sweet and gentle. I love him. And I just want him to be happy
