I must say, this is the best Christmas present ever. I mean, it’s not even the best Christmas ever, by the way. The best Christmas ever. ...You're welcome.
Chandler: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Hey.
Chandler: Oh, (confused) How did you even know that?! (Walks away.)
Joey: I meant for the keys.
Chandler: (stopping him) Hey! So, if you wanna give me a present this weekend, I’d love to take you.
Joey: That’s right.
Chandler: Yeah, and that’s a present for us last Christmas, you don’t get to keep it.
Joey: Oh.
Chandler: You didn’t get to keep your keys.
Joey: Yeah, well if I get a present this year, my present won’t get stolen.
Monica: Oh my God. You got your keys?
Chandler: And the keys to the safe you got your from high school!
Joey: You got your keys?
Chandler: Okay, Monica get on the phone.
Joey: Okay, well can I just call my roommate and let him know that the safe you got last year was still in good hands.
Chandler: Oh, yeah, right. I got my roommate's number and I called him just give ‘em to me.
Joey: Okay.
Chandler: And if he gets mad I’ll just tell him ‘cause I know that's what he's gonna do.
Joey: Your roommate wasn’t rude.
Chandler: And if he was, he should be.
Joey: No, I-I-I didn’t. I was just having fun.
Chandler: Fun? A present? What, what is it?
Joey: What’s the matter?
Chandler: I just went to pick up Phoebe.
Joey: Oh, what’s going on?
Chandler: I brought her a bunch of presents.
Joey: We have to talk to her.
Chandler: What?
Joey: Yeah, but why? Why would I bring her presents?
Chandler: Because you brought her a present! You should have brought her a present! I mean, come on, this is the kind of thing that maternity leave is supposed to be about.
Joey: So?
Chandler: So...
Joey: And so you brought her presents; you didn’t, because that is what maternity leave is supposed to be about. (Chandler’s eyes bulge up like a kid.) And now I have to go. And I have to say that my friend Phoebe was entitled to the present she had coming. She’s entitled to a lot of things; she is a great person, she is a great dancer, she is a great dancer maturer, and she probably won’t regret this. Please, just please, just tell her the truth.
Rachel: Wh-What?!
Ross: How-wh-how is she?
Rachel: Okay, she’s a very nice, very nice girl, very nice girl.
Ross: She’s with Charlie.
Rachel: Oh my God! You’re-you’re with Charlie!
Ross: Yeah, I know, but, was she with someone I actually wanna dance with?
Rachel: Yeah, she’s with someone I actually wanna make friends with.
Ross: Yeah, but, she also happens to have a 690-pound ass.
Rachel: You know, this is-this-this, this is too weird.
Ross: I know, but, this is so!
Rachel: Well, okay, I guess...
Ross: But, but, but...
Rachel: All right, you’re right, I guess I should go.
Ross: Oh, okay, I guess I should go.
Rachel: All right, you’re right, you’re right, Katie too.
Ross: Oh, wow, you did a great job!
Rachel: (starts laughing again) You-you were really funny!
Ross: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah! (Everyone laughs again.)
Joey: (entering) Hey.
Ross: Hey.
Joey: (To Rachel) Hi, I heard about you.
Rachel: Ohh, you're so sweet. I think I want to
