Rachel: (afraid) Really?
Phoebe: Well, at least they umm…
Rachel: All right, well this is after hours, all right, so maybe it won’t be so bad!
Phoebe: Ooh! I’m sorry, I didn’t get to talk to you!
Rachel: No! Look—(takes something out of her purse)—Oh! That is so sweet! I’m on my way back! (Giggles again)—Ooh, I like that.
Phoebe: Yeah well, I hope you like it when I get back. (Goes into the bedroom)
Rachel: (touched) Wow!! (Goes into her room)—Ooh, I like that. (Goes into Monica’s room)—Ooh, I like that. (Goes into Monica’s living room)
Phoebe: Oh yeah, that’s great.
Monica: Oh I like the way you…re here! I mean it’s amazing how much time and care you put into this. (They both get up and leave for the bedroom.)
Chandler: (determined) Have fun!
Monica: Have fun! (They both start to leave.)
Joey: How do you do?
Monica: Well, I think it’s better that I spend all day thinking about Chandler. You spend all day at dinner, all day worrying about what he is gonna say to you! Now, if you have the fortitude to ask, then… (Starts to cry.) (Chandler and Monica leave.)
Chandler: Well, I guess we should go have dinner. I really have to deprive myself of this time.
Monica: What?!
Chandler: I’m sorry. I-I totally forgot! I am such a great friend, this is a huge responsibility, I…
Monica: Oh my God! This is a huge responsibility! I mean Chandler is such a great guy, this is just such a stupid thing to do! (They both laugh.)
Chandler: Well, if you want to do it, you should.
Monica: What?!
Chandler: First of all, it’d be a lot more fun if you did it the right way! And second of all, I mean what? You think you’re cool and fuzzy and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and you should feel guilty for asking?! But umm, look, sometimes it’s just about asking stupid questions! But you’re doing it wrong. (They both laugh.)
Monica: Chandler you should stop. It’s wrong! And it’s wrong! It’s wrong!
Chandler: Well, I’m sorry, it just doesn’t make sense.
Monica: Well, you’re right, but I think that asking a question like that is just wrong.
Chandler: It’s wrong. Believe you me. I’m gonna go talk to him. (He goes into his apartment.)
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Chandler: Monica! (They both enter through the door and Chandler runs to the bathroom.)
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: So, what do you think we should do?
Monica: Oh! I don’t know! I don’t know what we should do! I mean I don’t think we should sit down and talk to him and look at the girl next door!
Chandler: Monica, I think we should do something.
Monica: What?!
Chandler: I think there's something you should do.
Monica: Oh my God! I have a gut feeling that you should do it.
Chandler: I know what I should do!
Monica: All right then, I’m gonna go talk to him.
Chandler: All right, you’re gonna have to give him the answer you want. But I think you’re gonna like him a lot more than you’re gonna like him.
Monica: What?
Chandler: (To Monica) Give him the answer you want. (To Monica) You’re gonna have to give him the answer you want.
Monica: You’re gonna have to give him the answer you want. (To Chandler) Give him the answer you want. (To Monica) You’re gonna have to give him the answer you want.
Chandler
