Phoebe: Well, look, when I was in the shower I felt really bad about what I just did, but I'm gonna go. (She goes and hugs him, and Phoebe looks at her.)
Joey: Oh my—What are you doing?!
Phoebe: Well, look, not just mom and dad, I mean—I mean—I'm gonna be having another baby. You guys, you don't have a second too. And okay, I know it's been a while since I've seen Lizzie, but you know it's gonna be okay.
Joey: Yeah, it is—I mean, who wouldn't want another kid?
Phoebe: No one.
Joey: Oh, okay, so you know my problem, too.
Phoebe: Here, let me help you with a problem.
Joey: Yeah.
Phoebe: All right.
Joey: Okay. (He grabs a bag of makeup and starts to makeup, only he gets to see what it is that Lizzie is using.)
Phoebe: It's a...
Joey: (looks at it) What?
Phoebe: It's like an eyelash curler!
Joey: (shakes his head) It is so pretty!
Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know that! It's really pretty.
Joey: (reaches over and takes the eyelash curler) Ahhh! (He takes something off of the back of his head, and when he's done he looks at it, sees it is actually a mirror and then thinks it can see through walls.)
Phoebe: Oh wait! (She grabs the bag of makeup and starts to put it on. Then Joey notices something)
Joey: What?
Phoebe: It's empty.
Joey: Yeah, I took it! (He opens the box and finds a little bowl with a little makeup in it.)
Phoebe: What's that?
Joey: Nothing! I put on a little powder.
Phoebe: What's wrong with makeup?
Joey: Nothing! I can't believe I haven't had it on for a while!
Phoebe: What's wrong with you?
Joey: Nothing! I wish I had it on so I could make Lizzie jokes!
Phoebe: Lizzie, what's with the powder?
Joey: Oh, it's nothing! It's all I have here.
Phoebe: What's with the little powder?
Joey: It's nothing! It's all I have here.
Phoebe: Well, don't laugh at me! This stuff is all I have to do when I come back, I swear! (She holds the powder back with one of her fingers.)
Chandler: (entering, happily, with a bottle of champagne in his hand) Hey! How's the thing with the French guy?
Ross: Great. He's... not as good an actor as I am.
Chandler: But you are as good an actor as you are.
Ross: (sits down) He's not as good an actor as I am.
Chandler: You know what? I don't think I can recommend this actor to you.
Ross: Thank you! You are definately not going to find a better stewardess in the business.
Rachel: I'm sorry.
Ross: Come on! This is just candy. Should I give it to a little baby? (Joey nods yes, but he mouths it back to Chandler)
Phoebe: All right, look, I think this needs to stop. Rachel, I think this needs to go. (She starts kissing him again and Ross starts to kiss her again but Phoebe stops them.)
Joey: (kissing her) Okay, so you two are in heaven.
Rachel: (kissing you) Here we go! (They start kissing and hugging.) (They start hugging again.) (They start hugging again) (They start hugging again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again.) (They start again
