Woman: Thank you.
Phoebe: Thank you. (the woman leaves)
[Scene: The playground. Ross, Rachel, and the guys all run into the bathroom. Phoebe is still on the phone.]
Ross: I'm still on the phone, okay? I have the stupid game.
Rachel: Yeah, you suck.
Phoebe: You know what, it's just, it's just... I don't want to play anymore with you guys. I'm gonna go down to the game, I'm sure there are five or six tickets left.
Rachel: I know, I know, so let's just sell them all.
Phoebe: Alright. (she leaves)
[Scene: Madison Square Garden. Everybody is watching 
  this. (everyone looks at her, shocked)
Phoebe: O-kay... what have I got to do to be over the 
  guy.
Monica: Hey everyone!
[All the guys are still there.]
Joey: Hey guys!
[All the guys are still there.]
Phoebe: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Ross: Hey!
[Joey and Chandler hug]
Phoebe: Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look so... So glad you decided to get married!
Rachel: Yeah! Of course, of course. Congratulations.
Ross: Oh, uhm... What do you do when you get an invitation to a party?
Rachel: Uhm... Well, I don't get invites to great parties.
Ross: You know what? It's not like this was the worst car accident you've ever had. You know what you should do, just ask.
Rachel: (after a pause) Don't ask me! (pause) Don't yell! (they hug)
Ross: Yeah, ok. I guess we should do this once in a while party without having to ask.
Rachel: (after a pause) All right, thanks.
Joey: (to Rachel) So, what did you guys do?
Rachel: Nothing.
Joey: You know, I really liked you guys. And you were funny. And you were scrappy. And you had a plan.
Rachel: You have a plan?
Joey: Yeah. I had a plan.
Rachel: So, what do you say?
Joey: I have something I wanna tell you.
Rachel: Tell ya.
Joey: (to Ross) Hey! So you wanna get married?
Ross: Yeah! I just got married in Vegas.
Joey: Guys? Guys? You wanna get married?
Ross: Yeah, I don't think so.
Joey: Yeah, we had a ceremony and then we had a ceremony and now we're moving in together.
Ross: Yeah, you should get married as a team.
Joey: Yeah, I got pretty good at that.
Chandler: Do you guys have a schedule?
Ross: I don't have a schedule.
Phoebe: So you guys aren't married?
Chandler: Nope, not until December.
Phoebe: Oh, ok. This could be a good time to announce the couple we're moving in together.
Ross: Yeah, yeah, I know. What is it?
Phoebe: Oh my god! I thought you said you were moving in together, but apparently not!
Ross: Oh, I know, it's not that big of a deal. I mean, you know, I don't... I don't want to do it right now, but it's just...
Chandler: What're you saying Phoebe?!
Phoebe: Well... When we were kids, we had a cartoon of Chandler and the Three Stooges playing foosball.
Ross: Sounds like a foosball table.
Phoebe: Right! Yeah, but they had to call the cops because they're playing foosball!
Monica: So, I had a list of all the foosball players that I wanted to get married.
Ross: Well, I had a list too.
Phoebe: All right, I just made up my list. I guess I can use it.
Chandler: Oh, here we go. (he picks a player to take his ring to hand)
Phoebe: (picking the players hand) Three Stooges, Saltines, Saltipes, Cliffs, and CliffsNotes: I know I don't have any of these names, but for some reason I get to keep the foosball table.
Phoebe: It's still fun!
Ross:
