Chandler: Hey, if there was anything I can do, it’s… (He opens the door to reveal a black and white maidservant.)
Black: (entering) Hey.
Chandler: Hey. (The maidservant) You are not welcome in my apartment.
Black: I’m a maid.
Chandler: Do you have a maid?
Black: You have a maid?
Chandler: No… (The maidservant quickly grabs his hand and puts him on his butt to demonstrate.) A maidservant I’m a maid would be… (The maidservant’s relieved.) I’m a maid.
Black: Yes… I am… (The maidservant’s relieved.) I’m a maid! (He gets the maid service number and starts to grab a couple things off of the maidservant’s butt.) And a maid would be… (The maidservant’s relieved.) A maid would be… (He gets the maid service number and starts to grab something off of the maidservant’s butt.) (Singing) "Happy birthday, miss! (Hangs up) (To the maidservant) Happy birthday… (The maidservant’s relieved.) And I’m a maid. (He gets the maid service number and starts to grab something off of the maidservant’s butt.) Hey! (To the black and white maid) Happy birthday, miss! (To the black and white maid) You’re a maid! Would you grab my butt? (Throws the two things at the maidservant.)
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Monica: Hi! (They hug.)
Ross: So, I figured I’d see if I could break up with Rachel all by myself.
Monica: That-that is so great! I mean, starting with one guy only makes sense.
Ross: Who do you think could break up with Phoebe?
Monica: I think Rachel would break up with me.
Ross: Tell me about it.
Monica: What?! Why? Why would you do this?
Ross: I’m not telling.
Monica: I’m not telling?! I thought you wanted to break up with her!
Ross: Well, then I’d be lying if I said I was. (He grabs a bag of groceries from the freezer and starts to break up with Rachel.)
Monica: Hey, you got the last four?
Ross: Oh! I really wish you didn’t have to do this. Well, I just hope you don’t get cold feet and go run away. (He grabs two bags of groceries from the freezer and starts to break up.) (Gets up to break up.) (To Rachel) Oh wait a minute, you’re the one that breaks up with me. (Rachel, still trapped behind Ross, gets startled.) 
Rachel: Ross, don’t break up with me! It’s not something you can just leave unsupervised!
Ross: What?!
Rachel: Yeah, but…
Ross: No-no-no, this is a sign! (He sets the bag on the floor and throws it on the couch.) (To Monica) I’m not going to be okay. (She is grabbed by the waistband and pinned.) (To Ross) I am going to be okay. Thank you so much for coming. (To Rachel) Here you go. (Hands Ross a bag.)
Monica: Hi.
Rachel: Hi. I made it. (Emails Emma.)
Monica: Wow! So this feels so fake.
Rachel: Yeah, it does. It feels real. You really-really want to say that.
Monica: I know it doesn’t feel real. But, it does. You’re so made.
Rachel: Really? Really!
Monica: I’m telling you it feels real.
Rachel: Really?
Monica: Yeah.
Rachel: (To Phoebe) Hey Pheebs!
Phoebe: Ooh… I really want to talk to you too, but I have to stay here all night, which means I have to come back up with you by 5 o’clock.
Monica: I will take care of it. Okay?
Rachel: (To Monica) I’m sorry.
Monica: I mean I promised you wouldn’t talk to me, but I don’t care if I come back up in a
