Okay, that was it. I'm done with the songs. Umm, okay, so listen, when I wrote the lyrics, I was thinking that y’know, that’s not all that important.
Chandler: But you said you were.
Monica: Yeah, I said that but y’know what? I think we should take a break.
Chandler: We gotta break up. Y’know, we don’t want to miss the big party.
Monica: Will you just go to bed?
Chandler: (surprised) What party?!
Monica: Oh, I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I mean, I-I-I-I-I love you Chandler. I love you just-just take a break.
Chandler: Okay, but you can stay because I’m interviewing for the part of Carol.
Monica: I’m not kidding!
Chandler: (shocked) I’m not!
Monica: (jumping up) What?!
Chandler: I’m sorry. (He goes to the door and opens it to find a chick with a chick on her head.)
Monica: (chases her) Oh my God!!
Chandler: That’s not funny!
Monica: Oh, come on just take a look at this again. That’s a chick! She’s totally busted!
Chandler: Oh, come on, you can’t just go to bed every night! You have to take a break! Because she’s already depressed.
Monica: (laughs) Yeah, I know. Yeah, but don’t you think it’s better that I stay up all night just pretend like I’m just doing nothing but taking a nap?
Chandler: No I don’t think so.
Monica: (laughs) Okay. (They go over and sit down.)
Chandler: (To Monica) So how’s the relationship going?
Monica: Well uh, it’s really good uh I guess but at this point you’re either with someone or you’re just hanging out with her.
Chandler: You’re with her?
Monica: Yeah.
Chandler: You really think that’s the best turn of phrase?
Monica: I think it’s the opposite turn. I mean she’s been totally ignoring me all these days.
Chandler: Well if you think so too then you should talk to Carol.
Monica: I do! I do! (They go over and talk and they decide on a terrible play.)
Chandler: Okay.
Monica: It’s-it’s so bad. Biggest disappointment being…her aversion to the music.
Chandler: I’m sorry?
Monica: The music.
Chandler: I’m sorry too. It’s just a… (To Monica, sitting down.)
Monica: (singing) My baby girl love song… I’d love to start getting those clothes back on… but I’m not comfortable… but, it’s just I don’t know what I’m gonna do with my life.
Chandler: Why not?
Monica: Well…
Chandler: I know what you’re going through. (She gets up and heads downstairs.)
Monica: Okay, so you’re either in love with me or you don’t want to take me to a fancy dress party.
Chandler: Okay, fine! All right! Fine! So I guess what I’m gonna do is I’m gonna go to the fancy dress party and I’m gonna dress up for someone else!
Monica: You’re talking about a woman who’s a total freak!
Chandler: (To Monica) You’re not crazy are you?
Monica: No! No! I just think that since whenever I want to take you out…
Chandler: (interrupting) We all have different tastes.
Monica: Oh, damn it! This is great you get me something to drink. (They both drink.)
Chandler: Okay, fine! (To Monica) So uh, so are you gonna be comfortable dressing up for Carol?
Monica: Oh, I think she’s gonna be okay.
Chandler: You
