Chandler: Yeah.
Ross: Yeah.
Chandler: What?
Ross: Yeah, I mean, it's weird, I don't know if I can talk casually about my life, but I mean, I almost bought a ticket to New York when I was 14.
Monica: Yeah, you did!
Ross: Yeah?
Monica: You were 13! And you were on your way to say, "New York, I'm 22."
Ross: (stopping short of speaking) Yeah, what are you talking about?
Chandler: I thought it was your first time.
Ross: Me too.
Chandler: Y'know what, maybe you should just get a ticket or something.
Ross: Oh my god, you're all grown up.
Monica: I think you should have a career.
Chandler: (laughing) 20 years.
Ross: You think a career takes you 20 years? I mean, that's not even counting the years you go up in the polls...
Monica: No, not even 20 years.
Ross: 20 years, you know.
Chandler: All right, I get the point. I mean, look, you're 26, you're doing everything you can to avoid public speaking at all costs, and by the time you get to college you already have this whole speech memorized and memorized.
Monica: This can't be happening?
Ross: Yeah. I mean, if anything, it might be a sign of maturity.
Chandler: Yeah, I mean, you know, if you're only 26, you're gonna be doing just about everything you can until you pass out.
Ross: Yeah, I guess that's the stuff. (Chandler looks at him with the look on his face.) (To Monica and Ross) I just gotta get to work.
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.
Rachel: Hi. Listen. Umm, listen, listen, listen, listen to who's in the cab, okay, okay, okay, okay. (Hands her to Phoebe.) Listen I meant who.
Phoebe: Except we're in our own cab, you're driving.
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: We're in a different cab.
Rachel: Oh my god, this isn't your cab!
Phoebe: You're not allowed to drive alone in a cab!
Rachel: Why, is that what they are? Drunk driving laws!
Monica: Relax. We're just trying to figure out what to do here.
Rachel: Ross, you don't have to do this.
Ross: Why not?
Rachel: Because I like you. Honest.
Ross: (To Phoebe) So ah, so when do we tell them about the horrible accident you and I went on?
Phoebe: Oh we don't, but you said it was the cab's cab.
Rachel: Whoa, whoa, but this is our cab! You and I, we're doing this, we're doing this, (Glares at her) OK, alright, okay, (Takes a sip of the wine and starts to go to the front of the cab.) Ah ah ah.
Ross: (To Phoebe) Ooh, I like that sandwich. (Takes the sandwich and sits down.)
Phoebe: What? (Thinks.) Oh. (Takes another sip of wine.) (Pause) We can't tell them, ok?
Rachel: Ross, they're just doing their own thing! They're doing their own thing. A cab! They're doing their own thing!
Monica: Anyway, I think Rachel's gonna be fine. I'm just going to call her up and see if she's gonna come all the way back.
Rachel: What?
Monica: She just went on a date with Joey!
Rachel: Oh my god, Phoebe, honey, I'm so sorry.
Phoebe: Why?
Rachel: Well, I just sorta realized that I told him that I wanted to spend the whole weekend with you. I mean, we just talked, and we... and...
Monica: Phoebe, he didn't think that was a girl.
Rachel: Oh. I just... I just realized that I told him that I wanted to spend the whole weekend with you.
Monica: We're just together. Happily, honey. (Thinks a little while.) (To Chandler) So, where are you going?
Chandler: To the prom.
Monica: How do you know I wanna do it?
Chandler: You don
