Ross: Hey Mike.
Mike: Hey.
Ross: Wha...?
Mike: I just found out that you weren’t invited to the party.
Ross: Ok now, what are you gonna do? Are you gonna invite me? I’m gonna- I’m gonna ask my friends to-to do me a favor and invite you.
Ross: What? Why?! I’m the hostess!
Mike: Of course I am- I’m the hostess!
Ross: Come on! What are you talking about?? I’m the hostess!
Mike: Yeah, I know, but I’m sorry. I mean, I don’t want you to have the awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward and then, later on, you will be embarrassed and you will feel guilty about it. And I know you have the guts to say that you are embarrassed. And I know you have the guts to go out of your way to hide it. And I know you have the guts to pretend it doesn’t happen, but I think it does happen.
Ross: I mean, come on! You are the unwitting hostess.
Mike: She’s the unwitting hostess! I know that! I know that! I know (to Ross) you’re the unwitting hostess! You’re the unwitting hostess! I know that, it’s really embarrassing, but I think you’re the one who should be embarrassed!
Ross: It’s just embarrassing. I feel like I gotta tell you, I really feel like I should not be able to be the hostess.
Mike: You have to tell me.
Ross: Of course I have to tell you, I just can’t. I mean, I don’t know if it’s gonna happen, I don’t know if it’s gonna happen, but it could, it could happen.
Mike: All right, how do you say this?
Ross: I mean, there are a lot of other things you have to think about.
Mike: Ok, I’m gonna start planning now.
Ross: So, how do you decide who is gonna be the hostess?
Mike: Well, who I think is gonna be the hostess?
Ross: The chef?
Phoebe: Yeah, she’s gonna be your maid of honor.
Mike: I know! I know. What do you mean, who?! I thought she was just Rachel.
Phoebe: Yeah, I thought we had a little more in common. Back when I was in Paris you guys used to be really different.
Mike: We’d probably get married tomorrow.
Phoebe: Yeah, we’d probably get married.
Monica: Oh my god it’s just a coincidence! Oh my god, it just occurred to me that maybe she would be my maid of honor.
Rachel: Oooh. You should be heading chef, that would be so cool.
Phoebe: Yeah, I know.
Monica: Yay! 
Mike: Maybe we could head to Paris. I mean, I think we’d be better together.
Phoebe: Really?
Monica: I think so.
Phoebe: Oh, so you could get the job though. I mean, I have the security of knowing that someone’s gonna be my maid of honor. I mean, I could be your maid of honor! You’d be suspicious, but no, this woman is my maid of honor.
Monica: She should be my maid of honor!
Phoebe: Her honor? Why would I be suspicious?
Monica: Because you are my maid of honor!
Phoebe: Oh, I know! I know! I can’t believe that I would be suspicious of someone’s honor. I mean, even though I am my own maid of honor, someone is still my maid of honor.
Monica: I’m not your own maid of honor. I mean, I am your own maid of honor.
Phoebe: That’s not possible. This is not how this relationship is supposed to work.
Chandler: (entering, carrying a spider) Hey, Mike.
Mike: Hey, Mike.
Chandler: Chandler, how are you doing?
Mike: Good.
Chandler: What’s up?
Mike: Well, I didn’t know you were in a cab and I just got back from a conference call with my bosses.
Chandler: Wow, this
