Joey: No-no-no-no, it’s okay, she’s not gonna live with you anymore, and she’s not gonna live with Richard anymore, so I should be happy for her. You should be happy for her.
Phoebe: I know how that feels. I know how that feels. I hope she’s not upset because I didn’t have a plan.
Joey: What?! Why did you have a plan?!
Phoebe: Yeah. I had a plan. I-I thought you were gonna be okay, but then…
Joey: Honey, I’m not gonna be okay.
Phoebe: All right then, I don’t blame you for not having a plan, because it’s okay. You don’t have to have a plan just because you didn’t have a plan. I mean, I was gonna get married anyway, but—Not-not because I didn’t have a plan!
Joey: And you didn’t have a plan?!
Phoebe: No! Why not?!
Joey: Okay, I have a plan. I’m gonna go out.
Phoebe: Oh my God! You’re gonna marry Richard!
Joey: Look, I’m sorry. I knew I shouldn’t have been so upset, but I don’t have a plan! I won’t have a plan! I’ll uh, I’ll be okay! But you’re having a plan!
Phoebe: You know what, if I had a plan, I wouldn’t be okay, I would be okay, but you’ve already told her that you don’t want to be the one to end up with that guy.
Joey: Oh my…
Phoebe: Huh.
Joey: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Don’t try to smell it, I’m serious!
Phoebe: Yeah, I think I’m bouttin’ it! My teeth are beginning to bleed!
Joey: Yeah, I’m serious! Yeah, I’m nothin’ other than chewed up animal carcasses to get my cholesterol.
Phoebe: Hey, Joey, you look like you probably need a haircut! It’s not your fault my cholesterol was way down from fifty percent!
Joey: What?!
Phoebe: Yeah, but it’s not your fault. Joey you look like you probably need a haircut.
Joey: (jumping up) All right. (Clearing his throat) Joey Tribbiani. Umm, I’ve got news for you sir. Umm, I’ve just gotten a call from my boss, and it’s about to come up, and he was wondering if I should go on television. Umm, now, I’m gonna go on TV. I’m going to say some pretty stupid stuff to get him off television, and you’re gonna be on TV too!
Phoebe: Yeah!
Joey: And he should just watch TV.
Phoebe: No he should, and he should watch TV, because if he watches TV, he watches TV!
Joey: (closing the box) I don’t think this is going to be your problem.
Phoebe: Why not! Because while you’re watching, he’s using it for personal use, y’know? And his TV doesn’t stop when he’s talking to you!
Joey: (closing the box) You like that, too. (Listens) No, no, I’m fine, I’m fine! (To Phoebe) My monkey’s fine! (To Phoebe) My monkey! Your monkey!
Phoebe: That’s very funny.
Joey: Oh yeah! Okay! (To Phoebe) I’m really fine, I’m really fine! And I hope you do too.
Phoebe: Fine! Showtime! Cinemax! And I hope you two (Points to Rachel and Chandler) that you’ll watch that tape of Mrs. Brown using my monkey. (Points to Rachel, Danielle, and Rachel’s parents.)
Joey: (closing the box) Seriously, you two look great.
Rachel: But my monkey! Monica’s monkey.
Joey: So, I hope you two can
