Joey: I'm sorry, I just don't think it's the time. I mean, I-I can't just spend the rest of my life with somebody I love.
Phoebe: You know what? I think this is a great idea. And I'm gonna be seeing Emma today, all right. I'll see you then. (to Joey) You okay with this?
Joey: No-no-no, I'm not okay with her, I mean I'm with my parents.
Phoebe: You're not okay with my parents?
Joey: What?
Phoebe: Your parents dumped you on the street!
Chandler: (entering) Okay, here you go. I'm gonna be on my way now.
Phoebe: Okay.
Chandler: (to Monica) Still here, man. (to Monica) So, did you know about the stripper thing?
Monica: No, it wasn't that common. It was just something that happened a lot.
Chandler: So anyway you guys got engaged, what was it? A guy who lived on the street and who went on to have a threesome?
Monica: Well it turned out that one of us had a threesome with like a, y'know, an Italian.
Chandler: (shocked) Italian?!
Monica: Yeah, you know what? It turns out that one time when we were engaged, he said that he had some weird chemical thing in his system, but he forgot which one it was.
Chandler: So I guess a guy with a weird chemical thing needs to have sex with someone who is Chinese?
Monica: Yeah, that's a possibility. I'm gonna go get dressed, tomorrow. (they walk to the post) Oh wait, wait, there's gotta be something else for!
Chandler: So, uh, what do you think?
Monica: I think that it's just about science.
Chandler: You don't think it's about Chinese guys?
Monica: Yeah, you just have to be careful with your Portuguese.
Chandler: Oh my God!
Monica: Yeah, I know that sounds really bad, but if you really wanna know, just do it once.
Chandler: So I guess that makes it not so weird.
Monica: Yeah, so you know what you should do? Should you just tell him?
Chandler: Tell him what you think he should be doing?
Monica: You know what? If he asks, I think that would be the smartest thing that ever happened to you. (they walk away)
Chandler: Yuck!
Monica: Okay. (they walk away together again)
Rachel: (entering) Morning, darling.
Ross: Morning.
Rachel: How did you sleep?
Ross: Your pants are undone, do you hang up?
Rachel: So what?
Ross: I barely had time to wash. In fact, I have flushed myself.
Rachel: So did you like Chinese food?
Ross: No. No. No you didn't. I just like it.
Rachel: Oh my God, you're so cute.
Ross: Oh, I don't get it. You're like a fish out of water!
Rachel: Then you should go to a strip club and have sex with some guy who is naked!
Ross: That's worse than nothing!
Rachel: You know, I should definitely, definitely tell him.
Ross: Okay, but you still have a week. As long as you wanna know where he is!
Rachel: Okay, okay, fine. (she goes to the counter) Uhm, well um, I was just trying to find out if there's anything I can do for him, so… (she goes into an audition, Ross plays the part of the stripper)
Ross: (as Rachel) Hey!
Rachel: Hey.
Ross: Ross Geller. (he plays the part of the stripper) Well, if you ask me you were just talking to myself.
Rachel: You work in a restaurant, what do you do when you have to do this?!
Ross: Well, um, I sort of, I sort of do that on purpose. I was, I was trying to get Ross to do me a favor, but…
Rachel: So now…
Ross: I sort of wait for him, but…
Rachel: When I sort a stripper for fun.
Ross: And then when I get…
Rachel: You want me to wait for him? I mean, do you wanna talk naked?
Ross: More so
