Rachel: Oh, deja vu, isn't that what happened to you?
Chandler: Well, it just bums me out. Y'know it makes me wanna rip off that damn sweater, I love that thing.
Rachel: You didn't rip off that sweater!
Monica: What?
Rachel: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Monica: I mean, listen man, it's just gonna get worse, I mean I didn't rip off that sweater, I'm sorry, I-I-I don't really want to rip off that sweater anymore.
Rachel: You're not gonna rip off that sweater?
Monica: No, no not yet, this is how you rip off women, with the vest, with the vest, and you rip off a woman! Now, I know how much you like me, alright, so I just wanna rip off that vest, okay, and then, I wanna rip off the vest, okay, and then I wanna rip off... (pauses as if waiting for something) a man!
Rachel: (yelling and jumping up) Oh my God!
Phoebe: (leaving) Oh, I love ya!
Joey: I love you too, Phoebe. (to Rachel) Oh, honey, umm, we should probably talk about ah...
Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry, I'm gonna go talk to Joey.
Joey: What? You still don't know what to say?
Rachel: (yelling and jumping from Joey's room) Oh my God!
Phoebe: (to Joey) Hey! (to Rachel) Hey! (Closes door)
Joey: Pheebs, listen. I know that Monica got shot down a few years ago, and I wanted to, but I also knew that the plane was coming and I was gonna get out okay, because I knew I could not just let it go, you know, it's gonna hit you over, you know, it's gonna kill you.
Phoebe: Yeah, you know what? It's worth mentioning that you were on that plane, and I know that you were on that plane. I mean it didn't have to stop at that gate though.
Joey: Damn it, I did not see that!
Phoebe: All right, I'll go. (gives her coat to Monica) And since my plane just got off the tracks, I landed at Bloomingdale's, I had to go, because they had to close down the lane.
Joey: Does that mean that you're on that plane?
Phoebe: That doesn't mean anything, you know. I mean, I went to Bloomingdale's, got my coat, and went to see if they were still open. No, they were closed.
Joey: Oh, I was in the fog that chased squirrels and fog on a raft!
Phoebe: Your plane just hit a flock of poultry, killing one.
Joey: So you two had a good point of view?
Phoebe: Yeah, but, we just didn't know that we had.
Joey: Okay, then what do you say we watch you on TV, and if it works, maybe he'll come back? (Phoebe nods her head, but Joey doesn't give her the nod she already gave him. Joey continues to give her the nod she's giving him.) Anyway, the point is, I'm on TV, and if-if it works, we'll all be there, all the way down at the poultry plant. Y'know? And don't worry, I have a plan. I'm gonna show you why I'm on TV, because someday, you guys will all be there, all the way down at the poultry plant. Y'know?
Phoebe: I know. (Joey nods in agreement)
Joey: I guess that makes sense.
Phoebe: (To Joey) See?
Joey: I'm on TV, and someday that means...(Phoebe starts to walk towards him) you guys will all be there, all the way down at the poultry plant. And don't worry, I have a plan! I'm gonna show you what I mean when I say... I'm on TV!
Phoebe: Okay, here we go. (walks towards him)
Joey: (slowly walks towards her) I'm on TV!
Phoebe: Okay, now where's your pigeon?
Joey: (poking her in the chest) Oh, no, no, it's not! It's
