Rachel: Oh, honey, this is great! I mean, it’s such a beautiful evening, it’s so romantic...
Joey: Yeah, it’s beautiful too.
Rachel: Well, I think I can handle it.
Joey: Oh, did you know umm... (Phoebe walks towards the door)
Phoebe: Joey, take my hand. (Joey starts to walk away)
Rachel: (to Phoebe) Hey, how’d the big night go in?
Joey: Oh, fell out of my chair!
Phoebe: What?!
Joey: I fell out of my chair!
Phoebe: What?
Joey: I lost two margaritas.
Rachel: Two margaritas?!
Joey: Yeah. Come on, come on now, just a little while ago, I didn’t mean to throw up so you didn’t have to lose two!
Rachel: Okay, I think you should give this one back.
Joey: There’s nothing left of me.
Rachel: Right. Just give it back to me. (She grabs his coat and puts it back in his coat, while simultaneously covering Phoebe’s face with her arms.)
Joey: Is that it? That thing is... (Phoebe starts to look confused and he starts to get scared.)
Rachel: (still scared)It-it-it! It swept across the floor! It was carpet! It was garish!
Joey: What, it was all garish? Like carpet mongering?
Rachel: Joe, is this what it’s like to be left out?
Joey: (I don’t think so.) No, it is what it is. Y’know? I mean, you have to be right. I mean, you have to be right, and I mean, you have to be right, and you have to be right... (He’s about to babble incoherently, but Rachel quickly backs away from him.) (In a all too common British spiel) "It was carpet mongering!" (He continues to babble incoherently, again with the incoherent spiel.) "It was carpet mongering! It was carpet mowing! It was carpet mmmminging! It was carpet munching! It was carpet mucking!" (He finally gives up, and she backs away again.) "I could’ve done it all!"
Rachel: Well, just listen, about this, about this…
Joey: Really?
Rachel: Really! All right! All right, is there anything for us to do today?
Joey: Sure! Okay, I’m gonna go get my eyebrows toned; I’m gonna get my hair shorter; I’m gonna get a little piercée expertlydone (He pulls up his sleeves to show her how he plans to do the piercée with his hands.)
Rachel: (trying something on Joey’s shoulder) Ew!
Joey: (thinking he’s done it) Sure!
Rachel: (waving and jumping like a child) Oh my God!!
(Rachel comes out of her apartment and stops at Joey’s door.)
Rachel: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Rachel: Joey! What’s the matter?
Joey: Oh, it’s just—it’s just been me and my bladder!
Rachel: All right fine—Fine! Fine! Fine! So, what’s going on?
Joey: Well, I just got a divorce from my wife! And I just moved out, and then my ex-wife…
Rachel: (gasps) Oh my God! I thought you were my childhood sweetie!
Joey: Hey! What’s going on?
Rachel: Well, my ex-wife is separating from the baby! And I just moved! And I just got a divorce! And I’m not getting married! And I just got arrested! And I just got—I’m not even sure what divorce I’m talking about!
Joey: You remember my ex?!
Rachel: Yeah! She did what? She got divorced?
Joey: Yeah! She got arrested?! Uh-huh! And now she’s got a restraining order against me.
Rachel: Joey, you don’t have that!
Joey: Yeah I know, but I’m just—I’m so sorry. I was a terrible person!
