All of the recipes I make call for just like a (bitter) buttery, crumbly, umami-fluffy, and with just a little extra oil. But remember, those of you who prefer a more traditional kind of buttery, crumbly, umami-fluffy, will find no differences.
Chandler: And umami, is not a word I have!
Monica: Oh, Chandler, buttery, crumbly, umami, is!
Chandler: It is! It is! It is! It is! It is! It is! It is!
Monica: Okay, get ready to make the best buttery, crumbly, umami butter ever!
Chandler: (slams the plate down on his thigh) Ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!
Ross: Hey guys! 
All: Hey!
Rachel: Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Monica: I just dropped off Ben. He's been acting weird and I haven't told him yet, but I told him to stay focused and not act rushed.
Rachel: You did not drop Ben off with Phoebe last night! (Phoebe is not amused.)
Monica: Yeah, I guess she knew but she didn't talk!
Phoebe: Well, maybe she just needed to talk one more time.
Rachel: (To Monica) I'm telling ya!
Monica: (to Ross) You dropped him off with Phoebe. Did you hear that?
Ross: No, I heard that!
Monica: No, you dropped him off with Monica!
Ross: Yeah, so!
Monica: So...
Ross: I did not hear that!
Monica: Then why did you do it?
Ross: Because I'm nervous!
Monica: Well, that's true. But you know what I mean, I mean, don't worry 'bout the nervous! I know how hard it is, I'm fine! It's fine! I... I just have one question: Who was that guy that you played with all day?
Ross: That guy...
Monica: Oh my God, what kind of guy is that?
Ross: Well, I don't know, you guys just kinda keep seeing each other all the time.
Phoebe: (shearing Monica's question) Well, you know, you just have to pick one!
Monica: Oh, yeah! You can't!
Ross: No, I know! I mean, pick the one!
Monica: (looking around) What's the big deal?
Ross: I don't know, but, you know, sometimes when I'm playing with Ben, I might have to put a line on the ice so he always looks directly at me.
Monica: Is that a thing?
Ross: (hearing the question) Oh, yeah, that makes me feel...
Monica: (shouting) You suck!
Ross: No, it's OK, I don't have a problem!
Monica: (to Ross) You know, if you're supposed to be playing with Ben, you should be!
Ross: Okay, okay, fine.
Monica: You know, I don't think you have to be Ben for any of your games!
Ross: Yeah, I do, though.
Monica: Y'know, I've been playing since I was six. Do you know why?
Ross: I don't know. I think it's because I'm fat.
Monica: Really?
Ross: Well, I think it's because I'm overweight.
Monica: (shouting) You fat girl!
Ross: Alright, I've got something else!
Chandler: That's it. I'm done. Bye. (he and Phoebe leave)
Joey: She's leaving! She said goodbye to friends! She said she wanted to be alone! She said she'd like to stay in the city! She said she'd like to go skiing! She said she'd like to go horseback riding! She said she wants to go fast! She said she wants to get out of the theater! She said she wants to talk to her boyfriend! She said she wants to be alone! She said she wants to go to dinner with Joey! And she's leaving! She's leaving with her baby! She's leaving with her baby...
Joey: She wants to be alone!
Monica: Yeah, well this is killing her.
Rachel: Yeah, well, she definitely is leaving.
Chandler: You know what, being alone, that's it. I'm done
