Rachel: So, how is the party going?
David: It’s great! I’m gonna be seeing all the chefs! You’re gonna be on stage talking about food, and if I'm gonna be on stage, it’s Ross and I just talking.
Rachel: Oh, you’re gonna be on stage with me.
David: Yeah, yeah. Yeah! (To Phoebe) Oh, y'know what you should do? You should put your plate on my lap, and-and your plate on my lap.
Phoebe: When do I get to see Rachel again?
David: Not in a couple of weeks.
Phoebe: You sure?
David: (annoyed) I’m not going! I’m-I’m a grown-up!
Phoebe: Oh, apparently somebody screwed up here.
David: I don’t know. I mean, look at everybody, and Ross and I are doing the whole ceremony and everyone left and come back; everybody left and come back! (He goes to the podium.) And now, I-I think you should know that I’m not a celebrity, and I’m not a doctor, and I’m not a cop, and I’m not a reverend, and I’m not a—Oh, and (He drops the bible) the bible says a lot about sex and peace.
Rachel: Wow! Oh, that helps.
Phoebe: (in a sexy voice) Oh, that-that helps! (To everyone) This is a real gig! (To the guy) I’m not a celebrity, I’m not a cop, and I’m not a—Ohh! (He drops the bible.) I wonder if you still believe in the bible!
David: I think so too. (To Phoebe) Hey, if you maybe just get some more chance to dance around with Ross?
Phoebe: Yeah, but I gotta tell ya, you’re the king. Okay?
David: Hey, hey! (He takes off his robe and starts putting it on, revealing underneath his robe he has just sex ed with Rachel.) Wow! (In a sexy voice.) How you doing?
Phoebe: Me doing the legging.
David: (laughs) Yeah.
Phoebe: (In sexy voice) I’m not doing the luring.
David: I’m-I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I just talked to her about a while ago, umm I’m just, I just thought, well if this was a different story would-would this actually be a good time?
Phoebe: Well, I’m sorry at least I didn’t think you meant by that.
David: So uh, did you and Rachel ever have sex?
Phoebe: Yeah, I had sex in that movie.
David: So that’s your sexy voice? (To Phoebe) Oh, you like that?
Phoebe: Yeah, it’s nice.
David: So I thought we should try it again sometime.
Phoebe: Yes! I did!
David: Wow! I like that!
Phoebe: Yeah! (He goes over and gets some of that herbal stuff on and on about doing the stuff.)
David: Yeah. And I thought about it for a second and I realized it’s not just about the stuff umm, it’s also-it’s a great thing!
Phoebe: Yeah! Really!
David: So does this water really make you a soap?
Phoebe: Yeah.
David: Okay, so how much is this water? (He’s shaking with it, and he’s sweating.)
Phoebe: Y'know, I do have it all on my leg. (Talking to Monica.)
Monica: So, what’s the deal with sting?
Phoebe: Hey, I'm gonna go make margaritas.
Monica: You guys are gonna be great together.
Phoebe: Yeah!
Monica: Okay.
Phoebe: You’re gonna be great together. (They go into the bathroom.)
Monica: Oh, honey! (To Chandler) Why don’t you make margaritas for me?
Chandler: I don’t know, I have this whole other idea.
Monica: I’m gonna be great with you.
Ch
