Joey: (jumping up) You know what? Maybe in... somewhere. (then to Chandler) Hey, Pheebs, can I borrow your stuff?
Phoebe: Sure.
Joey: So what did you guys decide?
Phoebe: Well, I've always really liked this guy. (They kiss and Rachel goes over to talk to him)
Rachel: Wh-what's going on?
Phoebe: Well, okay, Rachel and Joey had just consummated their relationship.
Trudie: So, why are you doing this?
Phoebe: Because I love you.
Trudie: Are you mad at me because I didn't get a callback?
Phoebe: No! I was supposed to be doing my callback at this very moment!
Trudie: Why?
Phoebe: Because I'm not paying for it.
Trudie: How do you figure that?
Phoebe: Well, actually, it doesn't really matter, because it's me (she holds her hand) working on a callback for my new book!
Trudie: And that's on top of the $500K I just got!
Phoebe: Yeah, I know. (she holds her hand)
Trudie: But it doesn't matter, because if I didn't get a callback I would just be stepping down from my job.
Phoebe: I'm not stepping down. I'm stepping down. (she holds her hand)
Trudie: I'm not stepping down. I'm stepping down. (she holds her hand)
Rachel: Phoebe, I love you.
Phoebe: Yeah. And I know that I didn't get a callback, but I wanted to be heard, and I wanted this book to win, and so, I'm just not stepping down. (Rachel tries to pull away but Phoebe pushes her and pulls back. Rachel flies to the roof.)
Phoebe: Rachel, I love this book. I love it so much.
Rachel: Oh! (she holds her hand)
Phoebe: Yeah. (they hug)
Rachel: You know, I feel so alive and well. I know that I'm still loved, but this time it was more like a hoot.
Phoebe: Yeah, you're right, you're right.
Rachel: Honey, I know that. I know that. I-I know that… (Phoebe runs to and joins her and runs back to her apartment) 
Monica: We're sorry, but it was a lot to take in. It took us so long to get a place together.
Chandler: That's not so bad.
Monica: Well, it must have been hard for you when I got mugged.
Chandler: But we love you.
Monica: (sighs) I know. I know…
Chandler: I'm sorry.
Monica: I'm sorry. (they walk together)
Joey: (entering, happily) Hey you guys! Wow! I didn't know you came with me.
Phoebe: Why, we had a surprise?!
Joey: Well…
Ross: Op, what surprise?
Joey: Oh, uh, my mom's giving birth this weekend.
Rachel: Well, it's actually a little more complicated.
Ross: Oh God, I'm sorry I told you I was in labor.
Phoebe: Well, uh, how long until she reaches her cubby-doll-shaped perch?
Ross: (pause) Too soon for your typical baby's nap, nurse.
Monica: Yeah, not too soon.
Ross: Okay. (they walk to the door) Good for you!
Phoebe: It's only been a matter of time, but do you think you're gonna be okay?
Ross: (sighs) I don't know, but…
Phoebe: You should be okay.
Ross: (sighs again) I guess. (they walk together to their apartment)
Joey: Hey. So you 2 see each other all the time. Do you know what I'm talking about?
Ross: No.
Joey: Yeah I see what I'm talking about.
Rachel: And your roommate?
Joey: Yeah. Can I ask you something? You're more like me, are you like me?
Ross: You know what I mean?
Joey: Yeah, we're like you. We're like you.
Rachel: Y’know what? I think I’m gonna ask you this time.
