My friend Sarah (not sure of the word) got the job at Ralph Lauren and I asked her if she could come and I would be myself. And she said yes. (Sarah) And then my friend said no.
Ross: Wow, you look so cute.
Ross: I know.
Rachel: So, what are you gonna be doing this audition for?
Ross: Oh! I'm gonna be doing my own thing! I'm gonna be Lauren's point of view! They may not think of me like that, but I think they do. 
Rachel: They do?
Ross: Oh yeah! They know of your interest!
Rachel: And you like fashion?
Ross: I like fashion.
Ross: Ah yeah! So you can be anything you want.
Rachel: Oh really? Like Ralph Lauren's latest line of handbags?
Ross: Nah no, I'm just a regular regular regular regular regular regular. I'm just a regular regular regular regular regular, I'm just a regular regular regular regular. I'm just an average sized, but perfectly normal human being.
Ross: Look, I'm really sorry that you had to find out this way, but I'm really sorry and I hate you.
Rachel: Oh yeah, well, I guess what you wanted is just a shell.
Ross: Like what?
Rachel: Like Kate's? (Ross looks very shocked) That's exactly what I was thinking though. I mean, you know, like... Kate's like a shell.
Ross: Except without the shell, she wouldn't be Lauren.
Rachel: Exactly!
Ross: And without the shell, I wouldn't be Lauren.
Rachel: (a little shocked) Oh! So you're saying that I look like Kate?
Ross: I don't know! You look like a shell! Although, I think that maybe this is a little surprising.
Rachel: Oh, so you don't already own the company that you're doing this.
Ross: Kinda... (a little frightened) I have a very successful line of deodorant.
Rachel: Put it in your purse, I'll catch you sometime.
Carl: So, does this really mean Joey and Rachel are going on dates?
Rachel: I don't know. I just don't know whose is more appropriate.
Carl: What about uhm... ex-boyfriends?
Rachel: No, no-no, this is not about ex-boyfriends. I mean, I mean, you know, it's a lot more than just seeing who's hot. You know, they love you too. And, and they... it's a lot more than just kissing.
Carl: What about you? You're also gay.
Rachel: Gay? I guess I could use the 'gay' thing.
Carl: So, do you think there's anything at all between them?
Rachel: I dunno. Gay and ex-boyfriend.
Carl: Do you wanna spend Thanksgiving with Joey? (Carl puts a fork in his food and he and Rachel start talking)
Rachel: (yelling) Thanksgiving with Joey!!! Carl!!
Carl: Rach!
Rachel: (angry) Are you okay?
Carl: Yeah, you know, I'm sorry, it's just... I... I just can't spend Thanksgiving with Joey alone!
Rachel: Oh, you know what? I am! I can't spend Thanksgiving alone with Joey alone! I mean, he's just such a great guy!
Carl: Hey, I missed you!
Rachel: What? No, I-I-I-I missed you!
Carl: Yeah, I missed you too. Rachel, I'm sorry, I miss you, so I...
Rachel: (yelling and grabbing a bag of groceries) OH, oh, I'm not home!
Carl: You know, I'm not going anywhere!
Rachel: All right. I'm not gonna... I mean, you know, all I'm asking is that you spend Thanksgiving with Joey alone!
Carl: Joey!
Rachel: Joey!
Carl: You know, I'm sorry, you're out of gas.
Rachel: (angry) Okay, bye-bye.
Eric: (To Chandler) Hey, waiter! (Hangs up)
Chandler: (to Erica) So that guy at the game kinda uhm... looked like a fishnet stockingsman?
Erica: Yeah, I saw the ad for that restaurant.
Chandler: Erin Brockovich...?
Erica: Correct! Correct? You think I think you do?
Chandler: Yeah, I think you do.
Erica: So do I!
Chandler: Yeah, so do I
