Joey: (simultaneously) You know, I kinda don't wanna talk about it. All right, so you should be cool...Joey: Hey, listen man...I don't wanna get involved in the way you're doing this, you know...I'm just talking to someone, it's not your fault...Joey: Well, hey...I'm not gonna do this for you... (someone else approaches). And I'm really not gonna do this for you... (someone else approaches).
Joey: (with a torn towel covering his face and elbows) You're sweat pants aren't covering your elbows?
(from 1.01 - "The One Where Underdog Gets Away")
Joey: Awe, it's time to go again.
Chandler: And that's how I know we have nothing to hide!
Joey: Well, there is, though...there is one thing I really have to say...
Chandler: Keep going!
Joey: I can't believe you did this to me!
Chandler: I did it to you!
Joey: You do that to other people? That's awful!
Chandler: You're not going to believe me if you're such a big fat liar!
Joey: What are you going to do?
Chandler: Tell her I did it to you!
Joey: Tell her you did it to her!
Chandler: Tell her I did it to her!
Joey: Tell her I did it to you!
Chandler: Please, do not tell her I did it to you!
Joey: Tell her I did it to you!
Chandler: Tell her I do it to you!
Joey: Please, don't tell her I do it to you!
Chandler: Tell her I do it to you!
Joey: Tell her I do it to you!
Chandler: Tell her I do it to you!
Joey: Tell her I do it to you!
Chandler: Tell her I do it to you!
Joey: All right, well, uhm... (he stretches and takes off his pants) I just wanna say that I appreciate you doing this. And...
Chandler: I know it...I know...I know...I'm really starting to appreciate you. And I'm so very proud of you.
Joey: Huh! I'm honored... (Chandler and Joey look at each other and leave the apartment together. Chandler leaves a message.)
Ross: Hey guys!
Rachel and Chandler: Hey!
Ross: Hey! (There's a knock on the door, Ross turns around quickly and shuts it quickly enough to hear the sound, but he doesn't close it because he's afraid of the knock! There's more here, check it out! (gives Ross a strange look, and leaves)
Ross: So uhm...what do you think this story is?
Rachel: Oh! Everything that goes with Emily! From the beginning!
Ross: So you two seem to have a really great friendship!
Rachel: What?
Ross: You don't?
Rachel: No, no, no, no...kind of...
Ross: No, no...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of...kind of... Arts & Humanities: Hey guys! Guess what? (There's a knock on the door, and Rachel and Chandler run to get it closed.)
Rachel and Chandler: Sorry!
Ross: What?
Rachel: There was a knock on the door.
Ross: What?
Rachel: There was a knock on the door.
(Joey comes out from his room, sees Ross and Joey outside, and makes a run for the door) Ross: What?
Rachel: Joey! They're there!
Joey: They're there! Ross: They're here!
Rachel: Oh my God!
Ross: They're here!
(Rachel and Chandler run to get the message out of Joey and Rachel, but they spot them when they try to open the door. Rachel manages to avoid their eye contact and tries to run away, while Monica is just as lucky.)
Monica: (Yelling) And what is it with you guys?
Chandler: I'm not gonna listen to that stuff!
Rachel: But I'm gonna believe it!
Monica: But I'm gonna believe it!
(Rachel and Monica run back to their apartment, and while they got into an argument.
